are you an experienced data analyst skilled at providing actionable data and insights to clients do you have a passion for using data to help people understand behavior and optimize business outcomes want to be part of a fun and high impact teamyesler is looking for a data analyst to join our growing bb agency. you will play a pivotal role helping us connect data with strategic business goals to create datadriven marketing departments through expert construction and management of bi tools like tableau or power bi as well as architecting data backend systems on platforms like azure and aws. you will gain exposure to a broad variety of paid earned and owned channels digital data sources analytic techniques technical infrastructure and marketing challenges.key responsibilitiesyou participate in the creation of clientfacing measurement strategies from kpi selection to data capture requirementsyou develop and implement data analyses data collection systems and other strategiesyou consult on and build data backend infrastructure using platforms like azure and awsyou automate manual reporting processes using technologies like pythonyou use etlelt tools to connect disparate data sources into yeslers data lakeyou extract clean and integrate data from disparate data sources using sql or big data solutions like apache sparkyou build and manage business intelligence dashboards using tools like tableau and power biyou interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniquesyou support the team in contextualizing data trends and uncovering actionable data insights for our internal and external clientsyou work across functional teams e.g. media creative tech to identify opportunities for optimizationyou contribute to ad hoc performance analyses that encompass a variety of digital and traditional channelsrequirements years of experience in marketing data analytics and bi dashboarding preferably with a bb focus and ideally in an agency environmenttechnical chops tableau powerbi sql and excel wizardry are required. google andoradobe analytics experience is preferred. experience in either r or python is a strong plus.ability to learn systems and acquire technical skills quickly and have a problemsolving attitudedata infrastructurebackend experience with azure or aws is a strong plusyoure a phenomenal teammate but able to work independently as wellbenefitshealth care plan medical dental  visionlife insurance basic voluntary  addpaid time off vacation sick holidays  floating holidays jury duty bereavementfamily leave maternity paternityshort term  long term disabilitytraining  development up to yr prodev allowance for resourcesclassesmobile phone or internet benefit   per paycheck subsidygreen commuting benefit  incentive program to walkbikecarpool  days per weekwork from homefree food  snacksand moreabout yesleryesler is a bb marketing agency that blends strategy creativity and technology to build demand engage customers and grow revenue. from offices in seattle portland philadelphia toronto london and singapore were a team of more than  strategists designers technologists media experts and analysts who are on a mission to change the marketing status quo. we take an integrated approach to serving the entire marketing organizationnot only the strategies content and programs to create demand but also the infrastructure operations and project management required to execute measure and optimize for results.yesler has been recognized as a great place to work and the awards keep rolling in. weve earned more than  best workplace awards over the last decade placement on the inc. magazine list of americas fastest growing companies for five years in a row and we were named one of the top  bb marketing agencies by chief marketer in  and .our mission is to positively impact the people we work with the people we work for and the communities we live in. we support our mission by providing an inclusive environment where all are empowered to share their diverse perspectives and experiences so we can ultimately be better together.our policies practices programs activities and decisions regarding employment hiring assignment promotion compensation volunteerism and internships are not based on a persons race color sex age religion national origin mental or physical disability ancestry military discharge status sexual orientation gender identity or expression marital status source of income parental status housing status or other protected status. we strongly encourage women people of color veterans individuals with disabilities and members of the lgbtq community to apply.visit yesler.com to learn more or follow us on twitter yeslerbb.com
about the rolethe data analyst plays a critical role turning project requirements into actionable results. the ideal candidate for the position can do a complete life cycle data generation and outline critical information for each stakeholder. this person can analyze business procedures and recommend specific types of data laying the foundation for predictive models. youll be a collaborative crossfunctional partner with our product marketing and engineering teams uncovering insights formulate and test ideas to accelerate our business.responsibilitiescreate factor analyses on customer lifecycle  funnel and conversion with a focus on product analytics ranging from onboarding journeys path analysis to activation  retention signalspartner with data engineering to define requirements for data pipelines and warehouse snowflake athena data modelspartnering with data science peers to identify gaps improve quality and share advanced modeling techniques and learnings.work with product management and devops as needed to provide saas customer adoptionusage insight to be shared with sales and marketing organizationsperform extensive data validationquality assurance analysis within large datasetsdiagnose datarelated bugs and ensure they are resolved in a timely mannerdevelop and maintain automated dashboards metric reports and data visualizations looker mixpanel tableau and train colleagues to use themsupport the business with ad hoc reportingdevelop a high level of expertise with sauce labs data by digging into the details sources and history of the datarequirements years experience in data analysis in bb companies specifically in saasba or bs requiredexperience using sql python and r. candidates should be equally strong exploring data through both sql and bi tools.strong understanding of different database environments mongo mysql including cloudbased ones awsfamiliarity with data warehouse concepts and data modelsexperience with modern visualization tools looker tableau andor other data analysis toolsstrong communication skills both oral and written must be able to present results to senior leadership internal and external stakeholders with the ability to translate between technical metrics and business kpis.excellent organizational motivational and interpersonal skills capable of interfacing well at multiple levels within a large organization.outstanding analytic and modeling skills proficient at conceptualizing implementing and evaluating highly accurate and scalable advanced analytics solutions to business problems.knowledge of healthrelated analytics concepts such as risk stratification episode groupers and benchmarks.professional and positive approach in building relationships and quickly gain credibility with senior executives.a result and successoriented mentality conveying a sense of urgency and driving issues to closure while adapting and adjusting to multiple demands shifting priorities ambiguity and rapid change
the productive edge data automation and artificial intelligence ai practice provides advanced technology solutions and strategies that propel our clients into the modern data age. our pe teams turn the promise of ai and machine learning into practical solutions that empower differentiated customer experiences predictive insights and transformational business outcomes. likewise pes modern data management framework and agilecentric methodology enable us to achieve impactful results rapidly and efficiently.as a data analyst at productive edge you will be a member of a high performing team delivering software solutions to clients. your days will normally consist of the following activitiespartner with project leadership to understand client business processeswork with client and internal stakeholders to gather functional and technical requirements on current and future systems and processesserve as a subject matter expert in the customers business process and be able to break down processes into manageable stepsdiscover and understand individual sources of structured or unstructured data for the customers business process and how the data might change throughout the processcollaborate with customer to identify patterns trends and anomalies in the data communicating these to the business and understanding the genesis of these patternsparticipate in agile development activities to ensure quality clarity and transparency throughout deliverydeliver software that adds measurable value to clients ensuring client satisfaction throughout engagementto excel in these daily activities a data analyst at productive edge would make use of the following experience and skills not all of these are required but highly desirableagile methodologies scrum xp tools jira and artifacts epics user storiesdiagrammingmodeling tools omnigraffle visio artifacts data flow sequence state machine entity relationship process flows use cases and languages uml bpmnprior development or technical knowledge and skills soa oop .net  java sqlability to document systemlevel requirements like services database models integration points and server configurationsquality processes test cases defect triageexcellent communication and presentation skills working with both client and technical teamstime task organization and meeting managementabout productive edgeproductive edge is a chicagobased leader in digital transformation. as digital business consultants we focus on digital strategy customer experience operations improvement and product  services enablement. how do we do this through launching solutions for data and artificial intelligence ai intelligent automation ia internet of things iot and cloud native solutions. sounds fun right it gets better...and thats where you come inproductive edge offers the dynamic opportunity to use your talents in a progressive highlycollaborative environment that values innovation and creativity. we are a culture that stays on the cusp of todays developing and emerging technologies. our passion ingenuity and dedication sets us apart from other consultants as does our modern work atmosphere with fun outings foosball stocked fridge and other activities. because we work with and develop solutions for some of the worlds most exciting brands we are actively searching for individuals who are ready to change the way the world operates.and if thats not enough productive edge has been featured as one of chicagos  best and brightest companies to work for included in crains fast  and is a regular on inc. .
descriptioninterpret data analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reportsidentify areas where data can be used to improve business activity.develop requirements for data reporting views and tools.provide quality assurance of imported data.develop methods to assist with the improvement of data collection.commissioning and decommissioning of data sets.processing confidential data and information according to guidelines.supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.troubleshoot reporting database environment and reports as needed.training end users on new reports and dashboards.provide technical expertise on data storage structures data mining and data cleansing.educationexperienceskillsbachelors degree from an accredited university or college in data analytics or computerscience years work experience as a data analyst or a related fieldability to work with stakeholders to assess data outputability to translate business requirements into nontechnical lay termsproactive selfmotivated able to recognize issues and resolve or escalate appropriatelyexcellent interpersonal skills both in person and over the phoneable to use electronic calculator computer terminal personal computer etcmust be comfortable working in a team oriented fast paced multiple task and customer focused environmentwilling to think out of the box and identify process improvement opportunitiesequal opportunity employerour team members enjoy excellent wages and a comprehensive benefits package.benefits include health care coverage ltd k profit sharing retirement plan paid vacation paid holidays and paid sick leave.come join our successful teamgensco is an equal opportunity employer.
the data analyst is primarily responsible for the operational execution of data extracts and exchanges with dentaquests clients and vendors. this includes loading and processing data files various operational data maintenance functions and systemic delivery of files to third parties.primary job responsibilities perform routine and ad hoc encounters and claim resubmissions.o use sql tools to resubmit encounters for clients such as ny fl and other marketso work with bas and developers to streamlineautomate processes run edit and maintain data extracts applications and adhoc queries as requested by internal and external customers using sql ssis informatica toolset powercenter bb with mfto analyze discrepancies with invoice detail files provider files etc.o rerun tws or manual jobs to ensure data delivery and complianceo run test deploy or retire tws jobs as neededo ensure scheduled and ad hoc extracts are delivered per scheduleo ensure scheduled edi and flat files are received per scheduleo onboard inbound and outbound client data to automated file transfer solutiono track inboundoutbound files errors and discrepancies identify and report trends. analyze data and extract requests and help define technical specifications for efficient development.o requests include custom flat files and a significant focus on healthcare encounters and hipaa x transactions    o support bas by reviewing andor updating data maps spec docs etc.o writeupdate run docs and other documentation related to deployed extractso collaborate on the definition development and maintenance of standards and processes. facilitate and perform deepdive data analysis and reconciliation with external clientso use sql tools to develop and automate enrollment reconciliation reportingo support enrollment error managemento develop a thorough understanding of clients within the assigned regiono identify and coordinate data changes impacting clients and extracts across multiple business units and departmentso maintain documentation associated with contractual requirements track operational results to ensure quality metrics are achieved andor exceeded. demonstrate expertise in a variety of it concepts practices and procedures and maintains general knowledge of companywide processes and systems e.g. windward. successfully manage a high volume of projects and tasks with often with competing priorities. ensure regulatory and legal compliance hipaa within the department. drive continuous improvement in cdm solutions and processes. support dentaquests goals and objectives by working closely with the management team to deliver value to the business. serve as a mentoring resource for other team members. other duties as assigned.job requirements bs degree in business computer science engineering information systems or related field or equivalent experienceproficiency in the following technical concepts  years of experience in a business role with operational deliverable responsibilities. knowledge of general computer software. expert level proficiency in the use of advanced features of ms office. relational database concept knowledge sql server preferred exposure to etl reporting concepts sql or ssis preferred. experience with sql queries. good interpersonal skills. excellent verbal and written communication skills. ability to prioritize and organize multiple tasks with high attention to detail. desired knowledge of dental or medical insurance claims processing includingo handson experience with hipaa edi transaction formats including      o familiarity with appropriate handling of phi dataphysical demands incumbent must be able to communicate effectively. requires overall light physical effort up to lbs. manual dexterity and sitting are required in carrying out the positions own position responsibilities i.e. use of a personal computer. ability to travel or move about within and outside serviced facilities required. incumbent works primarily in either a private or shared office environment.
summarythe purpose of this position is to conduct the data analysis of our company data and present it to the management for decision making. the ideal candidateis passionate about data mining explaining and visualizing data to help business leaders and employees make better decisions and operate more effectively.key success factorsability to work with stakeholders to understand business data needs and then translate those requirements into effective reporting visualization and actionable insights. the technical translation of those requirements will be accomplished through direct collaboration with internal it resources and utilization of outside it vendors and resources when needed.essential functionsdaily tasks include exporting information from various systems and databases to spreadsheet and reporting software and creating detailed yet concise scheduled and ad hoc reports for end users.gather requirements and create specs for report development.be a problem solver working with end users to resolve technical issues as well as business reporting issues.provide suggestions to enhance current reporting capability to meet future business needs.status and scopeadvanced ms excel and vba skills.strong analytical thinking and problemsolving skills.high attention to detail.ability to work under minimal supervision and use own initiative.ability to work under pressure and deadlines.excellent communication and collaboration skills.ability to manage multiple priorities under a full workload with aggressive deadlinesqualificationsbachelors degree in information systems business engineering preferredminimum  years experience with data analysisminimum  years experience using sql access and excelpreferred knowledge of netsuite domo adaptive and pedigree
ncsoft is focused on making highquality cuttingedge and conceptually innovative massively multiplayer games. ncsoft is a great place to work fostering creativity and collaboration. a casual friendly work environment comprehensive benefits package a competitive salary and more are all part of what makes ncsoft a great place to work. if you love making great games and have the skills to make it happen then ncsoft is the place for you.ncsoft is seeking a talented data analyst to work across multiple released and unreleased titles. this position is responsible for collecting data generating reports and analyzing player behavior.responsibilitiesanalyze game systems economies and player behavior to drive game development and business practices that maximize player enjoyment and profitabilityunderstand analyze and predict trends in player data.collect and help to elaborate on data reporting requirements primarily from game design customer service and business departments.generate reports from accumulated data using sql excel r python and tableau as well as defining automated procedures related to data collection.communicate findings actionable recommendations and data limitations to stakeholders to facilitate datadriven decisions.formulate process improvement suggestions through ad hoc analyses and data mining.take ownership of data integrity to ensure that the data are correctly supporting the analyses and recommendations being proposed.develop new insights and analyses that inform decisions and help us continue to improve gameplayanalyze gamespecific data and proactively make recommendations to product managers game producers game designers and ux designersdevise and run gamespecific ab tests to directly and indirectly drive kpi improvementswork collaboratively with the business intelligence team to share best practices problem solve and deliver large projects on time.requirementsbachelors degree in computer science statistics mathematics economics or related field or equivalent experience with data analyticsexperience using sql to query for and to aggregate dataunderstanding of game design and ingame economiesstrong communications skills and ability to work on a teamability to change directions quickly based on business project and team needsability to effectively communicate complex findings and ideas simplydrive quality improvements of teams code through reviews and feedbackexperience using descriptive and inferential statistics to analyze and present findingsexperience using visualization techniques for presenting data and analysisexperience working with business teams to identify and define problemsplusesprevious mobile game analytics experienceexperience with big data software like hadoopexperience with other business intelligence backend and analytics applicationsthis is a full time onsite position at our studio in san mateo ca. a casual friendly work environment comprehensive benefits package a competitive salary and more are all part of what makes ncsoft west a great place to work.
wednesday march  community action partnership of san luis obispo countyinc.helping people. changing lives.capslo mission vision and core valuesposition summaryassists in management quality assurance and dissemination of data. provides support and training to colleagues in the areas of data collection and use of the client database. supports capslos mission by assisting in the development of sound data enabling program management to understand outcomes trends and its client base.essential dutiesassists in coordinating the utilization of client database.. ensures confidentiality and security of data.. conducts system audits to ensure completeness and accuracy of data. followups with responsible program staff on missing or incorrect information to ensure integrity of data.. trains staff individually or as a group on the client database. provides training and technical assistance to service area staff in policies and procedures for utilizing the system.. works with program staff and management to determine ways to make data collection and entry more efficient. assists in the development expansion and maintenance of customized setups and configurations within database to ensure efficiency.. completes data entry for additional programs that may need assistance.. maintains a working knowledge of agency programs organizational structure and policies and procedures.. provides planning department with necessary statistics required by funding entities.. runs routine and customized reports.. performs other duties as needed.other requirements. must be detailoriented able to perform mathematical computations and work accurately with numbers.. must be able to work with a minimum of supervision.. must maintain confidentiality at all times. . must be able to maintain accurate records.. must have good written and verbal communication skills. must be able to prepare concise and accurate oral and written reports.. must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines.. must have dependable insured transportation and a valid california driver license mileage to be reimbursed and acceptable driving record. a dmv printout and proof of insurance will be required.. must be available to travel throughout the year in and out of the state up to year for conferences meetings training workshops etc.. must be able to relate well to all people of the community regardless of color national origin religion sex pregnancy age marital status veteran status sexual orientation gender identity disability or socioeconomic level.. must use reasonable precautions in the performance of ones duties and adhere to all applicable safety rules and practices and act in such a manner as to assure at all times maximum safety to oneself fellow employees clients and children.. networks within andor outside the agency to increase knowledge of resources and services that benefit clients develop effective relationships further agency and community goals andor raise the profile of capslo and its programs.. employment is contingent upon approval of the head start policy council.. employment is contingent upon meeting all job requirements and background requirements criminal history check education verification acknowledgment of child abuse reporting responsibility megans law clearance criminal record federal statement etc. a criminal history clearance is required within seven days of completing the live scan. failure to provide required documents in the allotted time may result in an offer being rescinded.. must be dedicated to the goals and philosophy of the divisions child development programs and capslo.. must provide an acceptable health screening tb clearance skin test or chest xray and documentation of any required immunity or immunizations prior to beginning employment.minimum educational and experience requirements must have two years of related experience or an equivalent combination of related education and experience. must have strong computer skills with knowledge of ms office word excel publisher data management software and webbased applications. must be able to type  words per minutephysical and environmental requirementsposition requires intermittent standing sitting walking twisting and bending. must be able to lift up to  pounds waist high. simple grasping and hand manipulation required as well as reaching above and below shoulder level. requires working indoors in temperaturecontrolled environment with some exposure to copier and printer chemicalsfumes.employee benefitsmedical dental vision life insurance flexible spending plan retirement savings plan and employee assistance plan plus additional benefits at a reduced rate. paid holidays plus one paid personal holiday.vacation and sick time accruals.for questions regarding the application process or open positions contact the recruiting department at  or email recruitmentcapslo.org.eoe v ada drug free workplace asset infused organizationwe are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to race ethnicity gender religion national origin veteran status or on the basis of disability.other detailspay typehourlymin hiring rate.max hiring rate.
why trueaccorddebt collection is failing consumers. every year  million americans have negative experiences with the collections process and they deserve a better approach  one that is more relevant more digital and less abrasive. thats why banks lenders and industry leaders are coming to trueaccord for innovative solutions recovering outstanding receivables.trueaccord is a categorydefining company. we combine machine learning with a human based approach to assist both clients and consumers through a challenging financial process. with a worldclass leadership team passionate and driven team members and a diverse and growing client base trueaccord is well positioned for continued success. come join our team and disrupt a multibillion dollar industry thats been waiting for change.the roletrueaccords analytics team is responsible for driving our business forward with data. the data analyst will join a team of highly motivated people who take the trueaccord mission seriously and are determined to succeed. the core objective of this role is the development and delivery of analyses to cultivate trueaccords strategies and maximize client performance.as a data analyst you will take an active role in highly complexsensitive projects using data and behavioral analytics to intimately understand the debtor population and what levers will affect cohort performance. you will conduct deep explorations into our data to identify trends produce insights and build predictive capabilities. you will gather key insights around our product operations and performance and will deliver these to stakeholders to enable informed decision making. this is an exciting highprofile role that has significant impact on trueaccord and is integral to the companys success.responsibilitiesuse applied and behavioral analytics to analyze performance trends and optimize strategy execution.conduct root cause analyses to identify and understand key performance drivers.produce accountability for business outcomes through kpi creation and monitoring.develop forecast models to predict key production drivers and future performance ensuring accuracy of longerterm strategy views.create metrics to track and improve operational efficiency and productivity.establish quantitative relationships between production levels and performance to enable opportunity sizing and scenario planning.deliver adhoc analytical support or reporting using a variety of concepts practices and data sources.routinely interact with key stakeholders to present performance information or findings from any assigned analyses.manage large amounts of data to develop solutions.ensure data integrity through the development and use of system controls.requirementsa minimum of  years of experience using quantitative data analysis to solve problems and drive performance is requiredbsms degree in an analytical discipline finance statistics physics applied mathematics computer science information systems engineering etc.ability to build complex models perform deep analyses and turn raw data into useful informationa deep understanding of statistical analysis modeling experiment design and common pitfalls of data analysisfluency in sqlability to drill into root causes and answer not only why but also so whatability to present complex information and deliver insights to business partners clearly and conciselyattention to detail and accuracy while maintaining a solid awareness of the big picture are extremely importantstrong interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively both in a team environment and across operational groupsmust be able to work effectively with little direct supervision and in the face of ambiguity shifting priorities and multiple deadlinesnice to haveexperience in financial services industrywith bonus points coming from relevant experience in the debt collections spaceexperience with scenario planning i.e. what if analyses including the successful use of assumptions in place of key data pointsability to use datadriven insights to influence process improvements.competency with data visualization or business intelligence tools such as looker tableau or power bi.familiarity with a statistical language such as r or python.what trueaccord offers you  culture  benefitstrueaccord is headquartered in san francisco and has a newly opened a location of excellence in lenexa ks. we offer a healthy work environment that continuously builds an inclusive and diverse culture where everyone is able to develop the best version of themselves. we are a dynamic group of people who are subject matter experts with a passion for change.we offer generous paid time off paid training we promote worklife harmony paid holidays health dental and vision benefits k with matchingour teams are crafting solutions to big problems every day. if youre looking for an opportunity to do impactful work join trueaccord and make a difference.our dedication to diversity  inclusiontrueaccord is an equal opportunity employer. we promote value and thrive with a diverse  inclusive team. different perspectives contribute to better solutions and this makes us stronger every day. we do not discriminate on the basis of race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation age marital status veteran status or disability status.
data analystdo you love data do you thrive on digging for info to answer complex questions and solve headscratching problems if you say yes you might be part of the next generation of data scientists were looking for this entrylevel position will assist in prepping raw data for analysis running and monitoring statistical models and preparing findings for internal and external use.the roleno two days at suds creative are the same but in general you can expect touse statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reportswork with our management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segmentidentify and recommend new ways to gain revenue by streamlining analytic processesuse data to create models that depict trends in the customer base and the consumer population as a wholework with departmental managers to outline the specific data needs for each business method analysis projectyoure most likely to succeed in this role if youhave  year of experience in data managementare a selfmotivated autonomous problem solverunderstand data work is  prepthe successful candidate must know that when developing new tools brute force may be required to shape the datahave a high degree of comfortability in excelhave functional knowledge of various statistical tools regression anova arima clustering and pcabring to the table natural curiosity and the ability to adapt models to the available datanice to haves background in mathematics finance statistics or business proven track record of communicating complex findings in a digestible format sql database management expertise experience with rstudio rattle alteryx tableau spss or python odbc and api management experiencebenefits paywe will invest in your professional development and create an environment where you will be given an opportunity to grow and develop your career. we offer a competitive compensation and a wide range of benefits including paid time off health insurance with company hsa contribution dental vision k with company match life insurance and disability insurance. plus your favorite beverage will be stocked in our refrigeratorwork environmentat suds creative we strive to foster a relaxed friendly work environment that encourages creativity and collaboration. we are a quickly expanding company seeking someone who wants to grow alongside us as we take on new and exciting projects.
lancer insurance company is looking for a data engineer to develop maintain test and evaluate data solutions in support of business goals. the person will also develop data models corresponding data architecture documents and apis. the right candidate should be an excellent communicator and strategic thinker.duties and responsibilitiescreate design and maintain reusable datasets for analysis by data scientists.assess new data sources to better understand availability and quality of data.provide governance and best practices of data structures data integrity and querying.interpret business needs from requests and rapidly implement effective technical solutions.design implement and enhance etl extract transform and load processes.write sql queries to answer questions from stakeholders.maintain source code repository of scripts sql python r and other data products dashboards reports etc..work with technology teams baqa dev and admin to understand data capture and testing needs.automate and improve creationmaintenance of reports and dashboards.skills  experiencebabs or masters degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature e.g. statistics computer science engineering mathematics data sciences.advanced sql and relational databases including queries database definition and schema design.python or r experience required.writing and maintaining etl on a variety of structured and unstructured sources.experience sourcing data via rest web services.excellent written and verbal communication skills.microsoft sql server sql server integration services ssis business intelligence development studio bids excel pivot tables.insurance experience a plus.
position title data engineer  persivia is seeking data engineer who will help support our customer base as well as our development team. this position requires extracting data from meditech mckesson epic and other hospital systems. the qualified candidate will be a data specialist who exhibits expertise in extracting data from meditech and possess strong knowledge focus on data extracts for a quality reporting perspective.  key activities   perform system setup and extraction of medical data from hospitals databases.   maintain xslt sql and java scripts for mass loading and rendering of xml files.   troubleshoot problems reported by customers and help solve technical issues .   perform coding tasks using c .net and sql java.   answer questions from customers as well as prospective customers about the features and capabilities of our solutions.   develop customerfacing documentation for our solutions on an asneeded basis.   communicate customer needs and wishes to our product team.   work in highly secure environments.  required skills   expertise in extracting data from multiple hospital systems.   ability to maintain and execute xslt sql and java scripts for batch loading and rendering of xml files.   handson experience working with hl v preferred xml and web services.   knowledge of relation databases sql server oracle a huge plus .   experience working with hospital emrs such as meditech mckesson epic and cerner or with ambulatory emrs such as eclinicalworks aprima nextgen practicefusion and elation.   experience working in java c .net and mssql.   the ability to be a good listener and to really understand a customer problem or question and help them solve it.   bachelors degree in computer science technical field or equivalent experience.   minimum  years of relevant work experience.   excellent written and verbal communication skills.   strong customer service skills.   strong organizational skills.
overview   the data engineer participates in the design and build of modern data products that comprise of raw data stores data lakes and cleansed data repositories populated by batch or streaming data pipelines. the data engineer works with a team to create a robust sustainable and flexible design and leads the technical delivery using agile delivery frameworks like scrum or kanban.  responsibilities developing and managing data processes to ensure that data is available and usable creation and automation of data pipelines and platforms managing and monitoring data quality via automated testing frameworks data driven testing tdd etc. working closely with architects data scientists and devops to design build test deliver and maintain sustainable and highly scalable data solutions researching data acquisition and evaluating suitability integration of data management solutions into client environment actively managing risks to data and ensuring there is a data recovery plan building data repositories such as data warehouses data lakes and operational data stores etc. qualifications  years relevant professional work experience. experience and expertise in the following creating robust and extensible data pipelines for production systems use of cloud platforms preferably aws creating secure performant and wellmodeled data stores common analytical platform architectural patterns star schema data integration patterns abac data quality frameworks etc. data lake design patterns and technology options schema on read metadata capture search framework use of scripting languages preferably python familiarity with nosql databases source code version control management using git project experience using the scrum or kanban framework. professionalism to include written and oral communication  the ability to communicate collaboratively in front of a whiteboard. an ability to understand your audience and adjust your communication style to fit aptitude and desire for learning new technologies. technically savvy entrepreneurial spirit who thrives in environments that reward selfinitiative and resourcefulness. about excella   excella is a leading provider of agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal commercial and nonprofit sectors. we believe that great work leads to great things  our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients community and colleagues. we are growing fast and need passionate innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact.  heres what you can expect from us youll work with great people who love what they do our team includes published authors certified trainers and internationally renowned speakers. we have a bring your own device workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice  mac or pc. its up to you. well invest in your career by providing  days of paid professional development every year including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications. starting day one every employee is bonus eligible and receives  days of paid vacation  federal holidays and  floating holidays. you can bike drive or metro to work  our commute reimbursement plan has you covered. youll have fun we hold monthly social events all year long including a summer event for you and your family. excella is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex gender identity sexual orientation race color religion national origin disability protected veteran status age or any other characteristic protected by law.
company description  captech is a team of master builders creators and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient successful businesses. we unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data systems and ingenuity enable each client to advance whats possible in a changing world.  as perceptive partners our u.sbased consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients myriad of challenges. across industries and business goals we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. this drive helps each organization use technology management and insight to turn ideas into action. together we create outcomes that exceed the expected  which is one of the reasons weve been on the inc.  list for over a decade.  job description  the data engineer analytics role falls into the data management  business intelligence practice area at captech through which our consultants provide a broad spectrum of services to help our clients define and implement a strategy to deliver lasting and missioncritical information capabilities. our data integration consultants bridge the gap between the business and it side of companies. by partnering with clients to fully understand both their business philosophy and it strategy captech consultants maintain the vision that data integration should be built to help the organization make better decisions by providing the right data at the right time.  specific responsibilities for the data engineer analytics position include design develop document and test advanced data systems that bring together data from disparate sources making it available to data scientists analysts and other users using scripting andor programming languages python java c etc evaluate structured and unstructured datasets utilizing statistics data mining and predictive analytics to gain additional business insights design develop and implement data processing pipelines at scale present programming documentation and design to team members and convey complex information in a clear and concise manner. extract data from multiple sources integrate disparate data into a common data model and integrate data into a target database application or file using efficient programming processes. write and refine code to ensure performance and reliability of data extraction and processing. communicate with all levels of stakeholders as appropriate including executives data modelers application developers business users and customers participate in requirements gathering sessions with business and technical staff to distill technical requirements from business requests. partner with clients to fully understand business philosophy and it strategy recommend process improvements to increase efficiency and reliability in etl development. collaborate with quality assurance resources to debug code and ensure the timely delivery of products. some of our technologies might include hdfs cassandra spark java scala informatica sql server oracle ab initio kafka. qualifications  specific qualifications for the data engineer analytics position include  years of development experience building etl graphs using the ab initio gde eme and cooperating system preferred strong sql development skills development experience with python preferred development experience with unix tools and shell scripts development experience with at least two different database platforms teradata oracle mysql ms sql etc. minimum of  years experience designing developing and testing software aligned with defined requirements experience tuning sql queries to ensure performance and reliability software engineering bestpractices including version control git tfs jira etc. and test driven development exposure to business intelligence tools such as business objects informatica ssrs cognos microstrategy tableau qlikview spotfire etc. additional information  we offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. all captechers can keep their hands on technology no matter what position they hold. our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way.  at captech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including but not limited to competitive salary with performance based bonus opportunities single and family health insurance plans including dental coverage shortterm and longterm disability matching k competitive paid time off training and certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursement team building and social activities mentor program to help you develop your career at this time captech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the united states without visa sponsorship.  candidates must be eligible to work in the u.s. for any employer directly we are not open to contract or corp to corp agreements. captech is an equal opportunity employer. captech is a drugfree work place. candidates must have the ability to work at captechs client locations. all positions include the possibility of travel. captech has not contracteddoes not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. if you are interested in this position please apply to captech directly.
sapphire digital seeks a dynamic and driven midlevel data engineer to join our growing new jersey team who will be responsible for operating and enhancing the performance and functionality of existing data management systems as well as participating in the design and delivery of new database solutions. in this position youll be responsible for managing data activities such as data requirements gathering data analysismodelling and data issues resolution using standard approved technology managing standardization migration transformation validation and quality assurance of data within multidatabase platforms leveraging internal and external etl tools for data processing and publishing identifies and maintains company databases including data sources data structures data organization and data optimization identifying complex issues proactively and is responsible to see them through resolution including identifying trends through data analysis and manipulation specific client data lifecycles from discovery to implementation to maintenance formulating and monitors policies procedures and standards relating to database management responding to production defects and relays information back to the operations manager to communicate to clients contributing in all phases of the data and software development lifecycle when needed creating and maintaining code through github repository for change control supporting off hours data processing and emergency requests as needed  you might be a good fit if you have bachelors degree b. a.  b. s. from fouryear college or university and two to four years related experience andor training or equivalent combination of education and experience.  years of experience with sql database design optimization and tuning  years of experience with postgresql  years of experience using github  years of experience in shell scripting and one other object oriented language such as python or php.  years of experience in continuous integration and development methodologies tools such as jenkins  years of experience in an agile development environment time management skills programming skills particularly sql shell scripting and python
location san francisco ca united states job id wd  position overview autodesk is seeking a data engineer with experience building production data pipelines to join our data platforms and insights team. the data platforms and insights team is chartered with building robust and resilient pipelines that create the master data sets that serve as the building blocks for all data scientists and data analysts throughout the organization. in addition this team establishes and promotes the data engineering standards and best practices across autodesk and help to lead the effort to make data an integral part of decision making at autodesk. the ideal candidate will be responsible for designing developing implementing and documenting data solutions for complex etl data pipelines and lending technical expertise within the group. the ideal applicant will be able to thrive in a highly collaborative workplace and actively engage in the development process.  responsibilities map and automate data flow from a variety sources including desktop web and mobile product feeds and business systems develop workflows for data science workloads utilizing orchestration tools e.g. airflow to manage spark workloads deploy data science pipelines to support production data science models e.g. sagemaker deploy solutions via automated cicd processes to execute data pipelines running in batch work with programming languages used for data manipulation including scala pyspark spark sql r or java design develop execute and document software solutions to address complex data collection processing transformation and reporting issues collaborate with peer organizations dev ops support organizations on technical issues and provide guidance interpret and translate business needs to technical requirements work with team to troubleshoot code level problems quickly and efficient on as need basis develop refine and educate the data community on coding standards and best practices participate in code and document reviews minimum qualifications bachelors degree or relevant experience in the field of computer science mathematics or statistics  to  years of experience in big data technologies including spark hadoop redshift vertica snowflake hive lambda glue s airflow proficiency in executing analysis using sql hive r spark data frames scala andor python strong sql skills detailsoriented with a focus on best practices for design and implementation of scalable data engineering solutions fluency with one or more of the scripting languages python java scala etc. working knowledge and experience with basic and complex data structures good communication skills and ability to explain complex topics to a nontechnical audience knowledge and experience with large data sets event streams and distributed computing hivehadoop spark etc. experience working with agile scrum teams experience in version control management  tracking and coordinating engineering work proven experience of finding bugs and vulnerabilities with automated tools expertise in data researchanalysis with a focus on data quality and consistency experience with algorithms distributed storage  compute to solve complex business problems preferred qualifications experience with container systems like docker and container orchestration like ec container service kubernetes terraform. an advanced school degree
job description  why consider opi and why do people dig working here variety of consulting new technologies projects and people on a regular basis. stability weve been around since  and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy very busy. and we keep a bench. if youre not on a project youre writing software for our internal business functions or youre learning new technologies. its in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. thats good for your career. no politics or management we dont get in the way. why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive awesome benefits free healthcare for your entire family yes free  days of pto   days of sick time quarterly profit sharing bonuses you get paid ot company trips to mexico  company lake cabinshomes various quarterly company events new macbook pros free beersoda chips candy and so much more. you work with the best. do an object partners search on linkedin and see the types of talent we hire. you truly get to work with intelligent passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way. low company overhead. it all means more money back into our consultants pockets profit sharing or company trips and events to share in the financial success.  qualifications  architecture and design of highly availablescalable distributed systems. design and development of streaming data platforms using kafka streams spark flink storm beam or cloud dataflow. experience with functionaleventdriven programming. nosql technologies such as elasticsearch or cassandra. messaging technologies such as rabbitmq kafka or kinesis. sql on hadoop technologies such as hive impala or presto. cloud services such as aws azure gcp or openstack. jvm languages such as java groovy kotlin or scala. service frameworks such as spring boot ratpack vert.x or play. knowledge of data analytics visualization and governance. knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale. knowledge of cicd pipelines and devops culture. passion for software development. someone that loves what they do that arent just in it for a paycheck. do you have dev projects going on at home at all times new projects new teams new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. you might get thrown on a devops project as well so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. if you dont want to grow and learn were not a fit. positive cando attitude. we can teach the technology but we cant teach how to approach client challenges with a positive helpful demeanor. the best consultants arent the most technical although that sure helps its the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful no matter what they throw at you.
we are an ambitious wellfunded startup with plans to change a  trilliondollar global industry. this is no ordinary startup. we have a proven management team that has done it before done it before together and done it before in the travel industry. the company is overflowing with fiercely intelligent people who have tons of energy and an upbeat view of the future. we all act like owners and we get a huge kick out doing great work and doing it fast. we like it even more when we come up with a fresh way to solve a problem. above all we are devoted to solving customer problems because thats at the center of everything we do. about you you are an individual contributor who works well in an agile team. you have strong software development chops and deliver tested and scalable code in a language like python golang java or scala. you have experience with system integrations and can explore apis documentation system logs etc. to come up with solutions. you have worked with several bigfast data platforms such as airflow snowflake kafka elasticsearch spark and hive. you have advanced working sql knowledge and experience working with relational databases query authoring sql as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. you feel at home working in the aws ecosystem. you have strong analytical skills related to working with unstructured datasets. you appreciate that engineering is all about tradeoffs and realize there is a time and place for streaming batch and offline. about the gig create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture. assemble large complex data sets that meet functional  nonfunctional business requirements. write and maintain code to move and transform data both within our application as well as inout of our partners systems. work with data science to ensure efficient and timely access to data for experimentation model training and machine learning applications. deliver solutions that are testable observable and scalable. automation is central to our ecosystem and all solutions will have a cicd delivery methodology. identify design and implement internal process improvements automating manual processes optimizing data delivery redesigning infrastructure for greater scalability etc. keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and aws regions. create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building data products and services. build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights across key business performance metrics. datadog dashboards looker. about engineering at upside we love to ship. were completely on the cicd train shipping code multiple times a day. weve developed a clustered container environment in aws using docker and kubernetes to manage dozens of microservices written primarily in node and go. our web frontend is written in reactredux and were building native ios and android apps that take full advantage of the powerful platforms they run on.   about us we are positive passionate playful and always pushing to be better. our team is a hodgepodge of challenge seekers travel gurus startup junkies and dataminers who see the big picture.  you want to talk to us if you are motivated by disrupting the norm. you have a great sense of humor and take your profession seriously but not yourself. your entrepreneurial spirit drives your bias for action. you are all about constructive feedback  you can dish it out and you can take it. you thrive in the frenetic energy of a startup.  what we offer competitive salary  equity full health vision and dental coverage k plan open paid time off impromptu nerf gun battles upside travel is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all backgrounds genders ethnicities abilities and sexual orientations to apply. we are committed to being an inclusive place to work while maintaining a workforce that represents the communities we serve.
working for equity residential eqr a leading multifamily real estate investment trust reit means being part of a community and striving to provide the best in apartment living speaking boldly about new ideas for innovation and inspiring creativity in the ways we work together. our portfolio of highquality properties in urban growth markets new york city boston washington dc seattle san francisco denver and los angeles provides homes where people most want to live work and play. weve got the best people in the business and our experience shows in our dedication to our residents and in how much we value each other as colleagues. thats why our employees say they are proud to work at equity a company that gives our residents a place where they can live remarkably and offers a culture where our employees have the opportunity to make their mark. as a data engineer youll join our growing team of data scientists and engineers reporting into eqrs operations organization but working across multiple teams throughout the company. in this role youll be responsible for handling the design and construction of scalable data management systems ensuring that all data systems meet our company requirements and will also research and recommend new uses for data acquisition. as a data engineer you will implement the data models and data structures needed for each use case in the most convenient format to be used by the data science and business intelligence teams. through regular interactions with stakeholders and functional business unit leaders you will build highperformance algorithms predictive models and prototypes that influence eqrs data storage piping and usage. additionally you will participate in data requirements modeling and testing activities. each day will be unique requiring an ability to think strategically and on your feet be creative take initiative and employ a diverse set of skills. who you are knowledgeable analytical and solutionoriented. without a doubt youve got strong quantitative skills and are comfortable analyzing large data set spotting trends and patterns and synthesizing relevant observations. you use a hypothesisdriven approach to engage in analysis that will deliver on your client questions. you like thinking outside the box to come up with innovative points of view on new challenges relying on your previous analytic work and experience to help guide you along the way. resultsoriented. you demonstrate an inherent sense of urgency to drive great results while being precise in executing your work. you are facile with creating and communicating a clear project plan tracking progress and keeping your business partners in the loop along the way. intellectually curious. youre inherently interested in the why so that you can identify opportunities that represent unconventional solutions to the problems you are trying to solve. strong communicator. your writing and speaking skills are concise articulate and effective providing an ability to interact with all levelsvarious teams across the organization be understood and develop trust and rapport within the organization. technologically savvy. microsoft excel is a basic tool to you that you know like the back of your hand. you also have a strong skill set in r python arcgis machine learning neural networks andor other advanced analytics tools and techniques. a trusted team player. you enjoy partnering with others and build constructive working relationships that foster the collaboration necessary to deliver great results. you are accountable to your teammates and follow through on commitments. organized and confident. you are flexible composed and able to prioritize multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously while confidently interacting with a variety of individuals across all levels of the organization. you handle pressure well and do so with confidence. what youll do create data models and data processes providing the right format and structure for use case solutions. participate in early data modeling and testing for use case development providing input on how to improve proposed solutions and implement necessary changes. help to build document and maintain best practices including but not limited to codebase management work and issue tracking testing and quality controlassurance measures data dictionaries and a documentation hub for both production level code and ad hoc analyses. interact with stakeholders and functional subject matter experts to understand all data requirements in order to develop effective business insights and translate them into actionable data structures and data models. assemble large complex data sets that meet both functional and nonfunctional business requirements. extract relevant data to solve analytical challenges the organization andor functional business units may face. work closely with it teams on internal data acquisition e.g. crm erp etc.. partner with stakeholders to provide technical support related to data structures data models data management and data infrastructure needs. work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems. recommend different ways to constantly improve data reliability and quality. research new uses for existing data. create data tools for business intelligence analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our company use of data. collaborate regularly with key stakeholders to support and enhance the daytoday operations of our business. produce various reports for stakeholders as requested to highlight areas of opportunity works with teams to develop and implement changes as needed. develop and maintain formal documentation that describes data and data structures including data modeling. previous experience  requirements bachelors degree required preferably in computer science softwarecomputer engineering applied mathematics or physics statistics. minimum  years data modeling experience and working with data management systems deep expertise in data modeling and structuring required.  years experience in high volume data environments and core data engineering activities i.e. familiarity with cloud database set up automation scheduling using directed acyclic graph such as airflow and database optimization including but not limited to partitioning group and sort keys and indexes. familiarity with a broad base of analytical methods e.g. data modeling variable transformation and summarization and processing i.e. spark sql server hadoophive neoj etc. strong attention to detail and ability to think criticallyconceptually. team oriented and flexible with proven track record in collaborating with multiple stakeholders. effective written and verbal communication skills required. demonstrated ability to quickly learn new technologies a must. ability to think creatively when problem solving for new solutions and to work on numerous projects concurrently while effectively prioritizing workload. tolerance for ambiguity required. toolssoftware familiarity with data loading and management tools i.e. azure storageblockblob and relational and nosql databases and tools such as sql server mongodb data stax etc required. must have programming andor scripting experience python java as well as experience with version control systems gitgithub continuous integration circleci and other programming frameworksapproaches. proficiency in ms and google application suites. must be available for overnight travel approximately  to any of equitys major core markets as required. authorization to work in the us without need for visa sponsorship from employer is required. rewards  we recognize that everyone has different needs outside of work. thats why in addition to a competitive benefits package medical dental vision and paid time off we offer many unique benefits options to employees like pet insurance and paid time off for community service projects. to learn more view our total wellbeing page here.
location tampa fl title data engineer tssci and security needed data engineer will build data pipelines that handle the ingestion manipulation and storage of a variety of data sources. this engineer will architect distributed systems that will process store and expose large volumes of data in an efficient manner. heshe will design and customize data pipelines using tools such as nifi and manipulate data in a variety of formats. this resource will also structure and manage very large  pb data sets in architectures such as elasticsearch or object storage systems and will perform webscraping and other etl techniques. nifi and elasticsearch skills are most critical.
data analyst  do you love data do you thrive on digging for info to answer complex questions and solve headscratching problems if you say yes you might be part of the next generation of data scientists were looking for this entrylevel position will assist in prepping raw data for analysis running and monitoring statistical models and preparing findings for internal and external use.  the role no two days at suds creative are the same but in general you can expect to use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports work with our management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment identify and recommend new ways to gain revenue by streamlining analytic processes use data to create models that depict trends in the customer base and the consumer population as a whole work with departmental managers to outline the specific data needs for each business method analysis project youre most likely to succeed in this role if you have  year of experience in data management are a selfmotivated autonomous problem solver understand data work is  prepthe successful candidate must know that when developing new tools brute force may be required to shape the data have a high degree of comfortability in excel have functional knowledge of various statistical tools regression anova arima clustering and pca bring to the table natural curiosity and the ability to adapt models to the available data  nice to haves  background in mathematics finance statistics or business  proven track record of communicating complex findings in a digestible format  sql database management expertise  experience with rstudio rattle alteryx tableau spss or python  odbc and api management experience  benefits pay  we will invest in your professional development and create an environment where you will be given an opportunity to grow and develop your career. we offer a competitive compensation and a wide range of benefits including paid time off health insurance with company hsa contribution dental vision k with company match life insurance and disability insurance. plus your favorite beverage will be stocked in our refrigerator  work environment at suds creative we strive to foster a relaxed friendly work environment that encourages creativity and collaboration. we are a quickly expanding company seeking someone who wants to grow alongside us as we take on new and exciting projects.
data analyst  category  finance and accounting  job location  alexandria va  tracking code  fpi   position type  fulltimeregular  calibre is currently seeking an individual to provide data analysis support for a department of defense dod client in alexandria va. the position is available for immediate hire.  responsibilities support all analytical and statistical reporting requirements for program activities. integrate data from multiple data sets analyze and interpret data sets and make findings relevant and actionable for the client. provide timely accurate and reliable management reporting and analysis of data. work with the client to identify and prioritize data and statistical requirements including specific data elements to be collected. identify analyze interpret and model trends or patterns in data ensure the accuracy and completeness of data. assist in the development and implementation of data collection systemstools data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality including identifying process improvements to better satisfy business needs deliver quality easily understood products on a timely basis obtain manipulate clean and normalize data obtained from various sources. propose and define pertinent measures and metrics. develop analyze and produce standardized statistical reports and ad hoc reports generate graphical management reports and support management dashboards.  required skills  possess an active secret clearance. us citizen. bachelors degree in statistics economics mathematics computer science business or other relevant discipline or equivalent work experience. strong verbal and written communication skills. critical thinking abilities willingness to learn and eagerness to do research. minimum  years professional experience. specialized experience may substitute for years of experience. additional requirements ability to perform statistical analyses e.g. calculating mean standard deviation correlation regression analysis. proficiency with microsoft office products particularly excel and access.  required experience  desired experience experience with data analytic tools such as tableau qlik or powerbi. ability to develop basic sql queries lito  calibre and its subsidiaries are an equal opportunity employer and supports transitioning service members veterans and individuals with disabilities. we offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. to be considered please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. come join our dynamic team. calibrecareers spearcareers
data analyst  category  finance and accounting  job location  alexandria va  tracking code  fpi   position type  fulltimeregular  calibre is currently seeking an individual to provide data analysis support for a department of defense dod client in alexandria va. the position is available for immediate hire.  responsibilities support all analytical and statistical reporting requirements for program activities. integrate data from multiple data sets analyze and interpret data sets and make findings relevant and actionable for the client. provide timely accurate and reliable management reporting and analysis of data. work with the client to identify and prioritize data and statistical requirements including specific data elements to be collected. identify analyze interpret and model trends or patterns in data ensure the accuracy and completeness of data. assist in the development and implementation of data collection systemstools data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality including identifying process improvements to better satisfy business needs deliver quality easily understood products on a timely basis obtain manipulate clean and normalize data obtained from various sources. propose and define pertinent measures and metrics. develop analyze and produce standardized statistical reports and ad hoc reports generate graphical management reports and support management dashboards.  required skills  possess an active secret clearance. us citizen. bachelors degree in statistics economics mathematics computer science business or other relevant discipline or equivalent work experience. strong verbal and written communication skills. critical thinking abilities willingness to learn and eagerness to do research. minimum  years professional experience. specialized experience may substitute for years of experience. additional requirements ability to perform statistical analyses e.g. calculating mean standard deviation correlation regression analysis. proficiency with microsoft office products particularly excel and access.  required experience  desired experience experience with data analytic tools such as tableau qlik or powerbi. ability to develop basic sql queries lito  calibre and its subsidiaries are an equal opportunity employer and supports transitioning service members veterans and individuals with disabilities. we offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. to be considered please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. come join our dynamic team. calibrecareers spearcareers
the mission of success academies is to reimagine public education. from the classroom to the halls of government this means finding profoundly different approaches to how we structure implement and support schooling. we reconceive every aspect of school design from writing rigorous new curricula to drawing regularly on the advances in technology and business that are transforming every sector except education.  over the past decade success academies has grown faster than any charter network in the nation building a vibrant network of  elementary middle and high schools. our  children mostly poor and minority are outperforming students at top city and suburban schools across new york state. our goals for our second decade are even more ambitious to grow to  schools and to educate  children across new york city in a uniquely holistic prek system bringing transformational change here and across the country. at  schools we will graduate  scholars each year who are prepared to enter persist and graduate from college and eventually to lead in business government and civic realms.  scaling schooling excellence as we rapidly grow is an imperative. to further position the organization to do this success academies is prioritizing the continued build out of a scalable technology enabled model for operating and managing its schools by establishing a school management services capability that is intended to deliver an enhanced set of services to better support our network schools. a key pillar of school management services is data  analytics  data science analytics and reporting combined represent a critical function to enable our enterprise to be truly datadriven. an enhanced data  analytics capability is needed to put in place a baseline of actionable management reporting that adheres to high reporting standards generates standard and adhoc reporting and performs meaningful analytics.  the data analyst reports to the director of enterprise data  analytics.   in this role you will produce actionable data insights for our network of schools in the form of interactive dashboards and visualizations ad hoc reports and analysis. act as a product manager developing expertise and a vision in one or more domains of schooling data producing brilliant dashboards and reports while striving for continuous iterative improvement based on research and feedback from users. continuously partner with network and schoolbased staff to understand school and business data needs and translate those requirements into highquality work. serve as a steward of data integrity applying rigorous standards for calculation of metrics and helping to drive adoption of data governance and data security best practices. do the work of extracting transforming and analyzing data with wellformed sql queries and data and scientific libraries. be comfortable working in and presenting data in spreadsheets when that is the right solution. be a change agent and drive innovation with your own ideas. work in an energetic office on the waterfront in lower manhattan and spend time in our network of highperforming schools where you will be able to see how your work impacts the lives of our scholars teachers and school leaders. wed love to hear from you if you have spent  years in a similar data analytics role or have equivalent technical competence and experience in education. have a demonstrated passion for data and working in datadriven organizations. can construct elegant sql queries and will keep profiling and optimizing them until they are as efficient as possible. have familiarity with data warehouse technologies and best practices. have experience with one or more data bi visualization tools we are using sisense andor libraries such as d. have a high level of comfort using the python scientific and data libraries particularly pandas or strong familiarity with a comparable system like r and a strong willingness to learn pythonpandas. are comfortable working with ambiguity and possess the discipline to strive for simplicity clarity and accuracy. possess topnotch communication skills that allow you to partner with a diverse set of stakeholders and present to executive audiences. are excited by the opportunity to help reimagine public education.
the data analyst is responsible for maintaining the integrity of the mmiserp systems and other applications with respect to vendor data. the data analyst works with supply chain and accounts payable departments to ensure accurate and complete new vendor records in the system. the analyst will also manage vendor changes and maintain vendor names physical and remit to addresses tax id among other key vendor information. the data analyst provides reports and is a resource for other staff members. . functions as supply chains primary point of contact for managing vendor information which includes setting up new vendors in the systems and managing all vendor changes resulting from company mergers and other restructurings. . collect compile sort and verify the datas accuracy or completeness before it is entered. . performs data integrity tasks by locating and correcting data entry errors or reporting them to supervisors. . maintains logs of activities completed work andor overall status updates. file completed documents in appropriate locations or distribute them. . may create or modify data bases according to the needs of the department. . provides direction or assistance to users of information regarding data requirements and status of paperwork. may train other data entry employees. . makes recommendations and assists in data capture data extraction and analysis and provides reports relates to vendors. . develops maintains or implements procedures for data entry data cleaning documentation and other administrative tasks. . may be involved in vendor credentialing processes identifies and recommends solutions to vendor data management issues and maintains a continuous improvement outlook skillsperson must have an organized mind to think analytically. pay close attention to details. strong computer skills  heavy excel usage  running pivot tables vlookup etc. strong communication skills  education associates degreebachelors degree preferred  skillsrequired healthcare big data analytics critical thinking detail orientated coding additional data validation research analysis data cleansing supply management systems database management system excel billing accountingpurchasing access high reliability supply chain management
the data analyst is responsible for maintaining the integrity of the mmiserp systems and other applications with respect to vendor data. the data analyst works with supply chain and accounts payable departments to ensure accurate and complete new vendor records in the system. the analyst will also manage vendor changes and maintain vendor names physical and remit to addresses tax id among other key vendor information. the data analyst provides reports and is a resource for other staff members. . functions as supply chains primary point of contact for managing vendor information which includes setting up new vendors in the systems and managing all vendor changes resulting from company mergers and other restructurings. . collect compile sort and verify the datas accuracy or completeness before it is entered. . performs data integrity tasks by locating and correcting data entry errors or reporting them to supervisors. . maintains logs of activities completed work andor overall status updates. file completed documents in appropriate locations or distribute them. . may create or modify data bases according to the needs of the department. . provides direction or assistance to users of information regarding data requirements and status of paperwork. may train other data entry employees. . makes recommendations and assists in data capture data extraction and analysis and provides reports relates to vendors. . develops maintains or implements procedures for data entry data cleaning documentation and other administrative tasks. . may be involved in vendor credentialing processes identifies and recommends solutions to vendor data management issues and maintains a continuous improvement outlook skillsperson must have an organized mind to think analytically. pay close attention to details. strong computer skills  heavy excel usage  running pivot tables vlookup etc. strong communication skills  education associates degreebachelors degree preferred  skillsrequired healthcare big data analytics critical thinking detail orientated coding additional data validation research analysis data cleansing supply management systems database management system excel billing accountingpurchasing access high reliability supply chain management
the database modeler shall perform analysis of raw data streams to detect patterns produce data models to predict risk and detect violations implement data models in production environment to support data analytics perform review of analysis tools and coordinate with other teams to maintain awareness of best practices.  responsibilities develop data models to refine data integration. derive information from the correlation of raw data. develop models for the detection of highrisk trends. develop models for the estimation of risk within a monitored population. perform data modeling and alerting  multiple models run against the collected data to detect threat activity and predict risk scores for each individual based on observed activity within a range of observed criteria. clearance  an active dod tssci clearance based upon a ssbi completed within the last  years with a ci polygraph.  the company we opened our doors in  and have developed longstanding relationships with our customers both public and private were an sba a and cve certified service disabled veteran owned small business were iso  iso  and iso  certified and have cmmi dev and svc ml ratings weve been named part of inc s fastest growing private companies in  washington business journals fastest growing companies in   and  washington business journals best places to work in   and  the employer we offer great benefits  paid time off medical dental and vision insurance k with company matching we invest in our employees  we offer an annual training budget to our employees and opportunities for growth within the organization we work hard we play hard  we value worklife balance. we hold seasonal company events and a washington nationals season tickets lottery it concepts is an affirmative actionequal opportunity employer. as such any personnel decisions hire promotion job status etc. on applicants andor employees are based on merit qualifications competence and business needs not on race color citizenship status national origin ancestry gender sexual orientation gender identity age religion creed physical or mental disability pregnancy childbirth or related medical condition genetic information of the employee or family member of the employee marital status veteran status political affiliation or any other factor protected by federal state or local law.  to perform this job successfully an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
data  analytics engineering organization of liberty mutual global retail marketing is expanding its data modeling team. data modelers design transactional and analytical databases that translate complex business data into usable computer systems. data modelers work with data architects to design databases and data structures that meet organizational needs using conceptual logical and physical data models. their models are designed to improve efficiency and business value and may focus on issues such as reducing data redundancy improving data quality or improving data movement across systems.  an ideal data modeler is an analytical and creative thinker who is not intimidated by roadblocks and challenges. they understand how to successfully evaluate problems and develop appropriate solutions. data modelers perform well under pressure possessing great focus while completing projects efficiently. they should be able to work well as part of a team but also carry responsibility for their own work. data modelers also need to be able to work on multiple projects at a time with the ability to quickly understand and incorporate new technologies. below are the skills and abilities that information management will look for in a data modeler. what you will do work with the data office data  analytics engineering and application development teams to translate business needs into data solutions create and maintain conceptual logical and physical data models support agile squads with creation of ddl and table creation participate in data governance procedures and policy management mentor contribute and govern data management standards and best practices what you will need bachelors degree in computer science or similar previous experience translating business rules into conceptual logical  physical models for oltp  olap  graph  nosql databases familiarity with data warehouse modeling techniques like data vault . and dimensional  years experience with dbms mysql sql server postgres oracle teradata snowflake db  years experience with cloudbased data warehouse and data lake environments software development experience with sql and preferably python or javascript experience in converting relational data models to semistructured data xml json or vice versa  years experience with modeling tools such as erwin or erstudio must be able to work independently and collaboratively on large scale data projects experience in these areas is a plus experience with etl tools such as informatica or snaplogic experience with mdm solutions exposure to business intelligence tools powerbi microstrategy exposure with messaging solution like kafka and mq has worked with industry standard canonical models experience in enterprise reference and master data management strategies we take care of our employees...  we strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. thats why we offer workplace flexibility wellness perks collaborative workspaces sitstand desks career development programs and classes diversity  inclusion programs commuter benefits adoption assistance college savings plan education reimbursement hackathon events liberty mutual is one of americas best employers for diversity and one of the best employers for women httpbit.lylibertymutualbestplacestoworkforwomen one of the best employers for new grads httpbit.lylibertymutualbestplacesfornewgrads and one of the best places to work httpbit.lylibertymutualbestplacestowork . we offer excellent benefits for our employees including generous parental leave retirement plans including k and pension education reimbursement commuter benefits college savings plans and much more.  to learn more about our benefit offerings and culture please visit httpslmi.cobenefits httpbit.lylibertymutualculture eoe statement  liberty mutual is an equal opportunity employer. we embrace an environment that is free from all discrimination in the workplace in its business or by its vendors. liberty mutual values diversity and the differences and similarities of our employees. we foster a diverse and inclusive work environment that leads to better ideas stronger teams and more innovative products and services for our customers. learn more
data  analytics engineering organization of liberty mutual global retail marketing is expanding its data modeling team. data modelers design transactional and analytical databases that translate complex business data into usable computer systems. data modelers work with data architects to design databases and data structures that meet organizational needs using conceptual logical and physical data models. their models are designed to improve efficiency and business value and may focus on issues such as reducing data redundancy improving data quality or improving data movement across systems.  an ideal data modeler is an analytical and creative thinker who is not intimidated by roadblocks and challenges. they understand how to successfully evaluate problems and develop appropriate solutions. data modelers perform well under pressure possessing great focus while completing projects efficiently. they should be able to work well as part of a team but also carry responsibility for their own work. data modelers also need to be able to work on multiple projects at a time with the ability to quickly understand and incorporate new technologies. below are the skills and abilities that information management will look for in a data modeler. what you will do work with the data office data  analytics engineering and application development teams to translate business needs into data solutions create and maintain conceptual logical and physical data models support agile squads with creation of ddl and table creation participate in data governance procedures and policy management mentor contribute and govern data management standards and best practices what you will need bachelors degree in computer science or similar previous experience translating business rules into conceptual logical  physical models for oltp  olap  graph  nosql databases familiarity with data warehouse modeling techniques like data vault . and dimensional  years experience with dbms mysql sql server postgres oracle teradata snowflake db  years experience with cloudbased data warehouse and data lake environments software development experience with sql and preferably python or javascript experience in converting relational data models to semistructured data xml json or vice versa  years experience with modeling tools such as erwin or erstudio must be able to work independently and collaboratively on large scale data projects experience in these areas is a plus experience with etl tools such as informatica or snaplogic experience with mdm solutions exposure to business intelligence tools powerbi microstrategy exposure with messaging solution like kafka and mq has worked with industry standard canonical models experience in enterprise reference and master data management strategies we take care of our employees...  we strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. thats why we offer workplace flexibility wellness perks collaborative workspaces sitstand desks career development programs and classes diversity  inclusion programs commuter benefits adoption assistance college savings plan education reimbursement hackathon events liberty mutual is one of americas best employers for diversity and one of the best employers for women httpbit.lylibertymutualbestplacestoworkforwomen one of the best employers for new grads httpbit.lylibertymutualbestplacesfornewgrads and one of the best places to work httpbit.lylibertymutualbestplacestowork . we offer excellent benefits for our employees including generous parental leave retirement plans including k and pension education reimbursement commuter benefits college savings plans and much more.  to learn more about our benefit offerings and culture please visit httpslmi.cobenefits httpbit.lylibertymutualculture eoe statement  liberty mutual is an equal opportunity employer. we embrace an environment that is free from all discrimination in the workplace in its business or by its vendors. liberty mutual values diversity and the differences and similarities of our employees. we foster a diverse and inclusive work environment that leads to better ideas stronger teams and more innovative products and services for our customers. learn more
at massmutual were passionate about helping millions of people find financial freedom and this passion has driven our approach to developing meaningful experiences for our customers. the data engineering team part of massmutuals enterprise technology  experience is comprised of highly skilled collaborative problem solvers who are motivated to create innovative solutions that exceed the changing needs of our customers and move massmutual and the industry forward.  to continue our cuttingedge work we are hiring a data modeler to join our team.  what great looks like in this role our ideal data modeler has advanced knowledge of application data and infrastructure disciplines. youll use your skills to implement data strategies build data flows and develop conceptual data models. youre capable of working independently and communicating effectively to provide feedback on policies procedures processes and standards. the team culture of working collaboratively crossfunctionally using new technologies combined with the worklife balance provided by massmutual are core reasons people enjoy working on the data engineering team at massmutual. objectives of this role manage database design and data models for a specific application. analyze existing data and recommend changes that lead to a reduction of stored data without impacting business requirements. daily and monthly responsibilities perform as a technical data steward understanding tables data use data replication data connection and data lineage and take accountability for data hygiene. review existing data model and recommend changes to optimize data requirements. analyze source system data and look for data redundancy and duplication. work with application architects to review exiting data models and suggest action to reduce input data for storage optimization. work with the development team to implement data strategies build data flows and develop conceptual data models. create logical and physical data models using best practices. delivers and provides feedback for data modeling policies procedure processes and standards. assists with capturing and documenting system flow and other pertinent technical information about data database design or systems. basic qualifications bachelors degree in computer engineering computer science information systems or related field.  years experiences with data analytics data modeling or data architecture and database design. experience in data modeling or data architecture in transactional and operational reporting and analytical edw data lake nosql solutions. experience with capacity planning database scripting and package deployment good knowledge of data replication methodology. good knowledge of data warehouse data mart and data lake experience with aws and cloudbased databases and data warehouses. authorized to work in the united states with or without sponsorship now or in the future. preferred qualifications advanced knowledge of application data and infrastructure disciplines. experience with vertica database. experience with life insurance or any insurance related products expertise in tuning and debugging sql and resolving application specific bottlenecks. experience facilitating meetings and providing presentations to stakeholders and senior leaders. experience using erwin toad or any other data modeling tool for data modeling. data modeling data warehousing dimensional modeling data modeling for big data and metadata management. data lake and big data modeling experience. excellent communication problem solving organizational and analytical skills understanding of enterprise and reporting modeling concepts including dimensional modeling snowflakes slowly changing dimensions schema on read irregular dimensions and surrogate compound and intelligent keys. advanced degree in computer engineering computer science information systems or related field. able to work independently. experience with hadoop spark and kafka experience with scala strong communication and interpersonal skills. ability to present design of the solution to various stakeholders. experience in data modeling and design in the insurance and financial industries
data scientist location albuquerque nm education required bachelors degree required preferably in math engineering business or the sciences. skills required bachelors degree in relevant field e.g. math data analysis database computer science artificial intelligence ai three years experience credit for masters degree five years experience credit for a ph.d applicant should be proficient in the use of power bi tableau python matlab microsoft word powerpoint excel and working knowledge of ms access lms sas data visualization tools and have a strong algorithmic aptitude excellent verbal and written communication skills and quantitative analytical skills are required applicant must be able to work in a team environment u.s. citizenship and ability to obtain a dod secret clearance required responsibilities the applicant will be responsible for formulating analytical solutions to complex data problems creating data analytic models to improve data metrics analyzing customer behavior and trends delivering insights to stakeholders as well as designing and crafting reports dashboards models and algorithms to make data insights actionable selecting features building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques data mining using stateoftheart methods extending organizations data with third party sources of information when needed enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems processing cleansing and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis doing adhoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner and creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance. benefits we offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. we have an excellent benefits package that includes comprehensive health dental life long and short term disability insurance  company funded retirement plans generous vacation holiday and sick pay plans tuition assistance  benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of  hours per week.  tecolote research is a private employeeowned corporation where people are our primary resource. our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.
knowbe inc. is a high growth information security company. we are the worlds largest provider of newschool security awareness training and simulated phishing. knowbe was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use knowbes platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions every day.  we are ranked  best place to work in technology nationwide by fortune magazine and have placed  or  in the tampa bay top workplaces survey for the last four years. we also just had our th recordsetting quarter in a row  the data scientist will work closely with the vp of fpa and the quantitative analytics manager to implement advanced analytical models and other datadriven solutions.  responsibilities work with key stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities using financial data to develop business solutions. develop new and enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured. cleanse consolidate and verify the integrity of data used in analyses. build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention revenue generation and other business outcomes. develop relevant statistical models to assist with profitability forecasting create the analytics to leverage known inferred and appended information about origins and recognizing patterns to assist in outlook forecasting assist in the design and data modeling of data warehouse. visualize data especially in reports and dashboards to communicate analysis results to stakeholders. extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources mine and collect data both structured and unstructured to detect patterns opportunities and insights that drive our organization create and execute automation and data mining requests utilizing sql access excel sas and other statistical programs trouble shoot forecast and optimization anomalies with fpa team through the use of statistical and mathematical optimization models. develop testing to explain and or reduce these anomalies. oversee and develop key metric forecasts as well as provide budget support based on trends in the businessindustry. minimum qualifications masters degree in statistics computer science mathematics or other quantitative discipline required  years of experience in similar role masters degree  years of experience in similar role phd experience leveraging predictive modeling big data analytics exploratory data analysis and machine learning to drive significant business impact experience with statistical computer languages python r etc. to manipulate and analyze large datasets preferred. experience with data visualization tools like d.js matplotlib etc. preferred exceptional understanding of machine learning algorithms such as random forest svm knn nave bayes gradient boosting a plus. applied statistical skills including statistical testing regression etc. experience with data bases query languages and associated data architecture. experience with distributed computing tools hive spark etc. is a plus. strong analytical skills and ability to meet project deadlines. note an applicant assessment background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.  no recruitment agencies please.
organization and job id job id   directorate earth  biological sciences  division biological sciences  group exposure science team job description the biological system science bss group in the biological sciences division of the pacific northwest national laboratory pnnl is seeking a staff scientist with multidisciplinary experience in computational chemistry cheminformatics advanced statistics andor machine learningdeep learningai. preferred candidates will have a broad understanding of the state of computational metabolomics and experience in designing and implementing novel deep learning networks for chemistry applications. research experience in drug design cheminformatics deep learning machine learning andor small molecule identification is also highly valued. successful candidates will join a large uniquely collaborative collegial group of innovators driving the integration of data science computational science and analytical chemistry to solve the nations most challenging problems in human health chemical forensics and national security. the bss group is diverse and inclusive working closely with colleagues across the laboratory with expertise in computational biology integrative omics applied mathematics computer science and statistics.   apply knowledge of statistics machine learning advanced mathematics simulation software development and data modeling to to design development and implement methods that integrate clean and analyze data recognize patterns address uncertainty pose questions and make discoveries from structured andor unstructured data.   produce solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and highdimensional datasets.   design develop and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from data.   develop and maintain existing deep learning networks that generate novel molecules for drug discovery applications   contribue or author proposals peerreviewed papers and other technical products. minimum qualifications bsba with  years of experience or msma with  years of experience preferred qualifications  ms in chemical engineering computer science or related field with a gpa of .  years of research experience   intermediate level programming experience preferably python and highperformance computing experience   at least one first author published or proof of submitted paper applying deep learning for use in novel compound generation   understanding of the nmda receptor and potential drug targets   research experience in drug design cheminformatics deep learning machine learning andor small molecule identification equal employment opportunity battelle memorial institute bmi at pacific northwest national laboratory pnnl is an affirmative actionequal opportunity employer and supports diversity in the workplace. all employment decisions are made without regard to race color religion sex national origin age disability veteran status marital or family status sexual orientation gender identity or genetic information. all bmi staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the united states. bmi is an everify employer. learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. please be aware that the department of energy doe prohibits doe employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. if you are offered a position at pnnl and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment. directorate earth  biological sciences  job category scientistsscientific support  group biological systems science  opening date   closing date
data scientist affinity solutions  marketing cloud seeks smart curious technically savvy candidates to join our cuttingedge data science team. we hire the best and brightest and give them the opportunity to work on industryleading technologies. the data sciences team at afsmarketing cloud build models machine learning algorithms that power all our adtechmartech products at scale develop methodology and tools to precisely and effectively measure market campaign effects and research inhouse and public data sources for consumer spend behavior insights. in this role youll have the opportunity to come up with new ideas and solutions that will lead to improvement of our ability to target the right audience derive insights and provide better measurement methodology for marketing campaigns. youll access our core data asset and machine learning infrastructure to power your ideas. duties and responsibilities  support all clients model building needs including maintaining and improving current modelingscoring methodology and processes  provide innovative solutions to customized modelingscoringtargeting with appropriate mlstatistical tools  provide analyticalstatistical support such as marketing test design projection campaign measurement market insights to clients and stakeholders.  mine large consumer datasets in the cloud environment to support ad hoc business and statistical analysis  develop and improve automation capabilities to enable customized delivery of the analytical products to clients  communicate the methodologies and the results to the management clients and none technical stakeholders. basic qualifications  advanced degree in statisticsmathematicscomputer scienceeconomics or other fields that requires advanced training in data analytics.  being able to apply basic statisticalml concepts and reasoning to address and solve business problems such as targeting test design kpi projection and performance measurement.  entrepreneurial highly selfmotivated collaborative keen attention to detail willingness and capable learn quickly and ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high pressure environment.  being flexible to accept different task assignments and able to work on a tight time schedule.  excellent command of one or more programming languages preferably python sas or r  familiar with one of the database technologies such as postgresql mysql can write basic sql queries  great communication skills verbal written and presentation preferred qualifications  experience or exposure to large consumer andor demographic data sets.  familiarity with data manipulation and cleaning routines and techniques.
cyrusone is seeking a talented data scientist who holds a range of datafocused skills both in technical and analytical domains. the ideal candidate is adept at processing cleansing and verifying the integrity of data used for visualization and analysis. this role is dynamic granting the candidate the opportunity to participate in a wide variety of projects and collaborate with many crossfunctional teams throughout the business.  duties and responsibilities participate in an agile scrum cadence process cleanse and verify the integrity of data used for analysis perform functional business requirements analysis and data analysis develop data models and algorithms to apply to data sets augment data collection procedures to include necessary information for building accurate analytics collaborate with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business solutions evaluate the effectiveness and accuracy of data sources and data gathering techniques gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports coordinate with crossfunctional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes develop automated discrepancy detection systems and distribute reconciliation reports to stakeholders requirements must be legally authorized to work in the united states for any employer without sponsorship professional experience using statistical software languages like r python and sql to query manipulate and draw insights from data sets strong problemsolving skills with an emphasis on product development extensive experience with microsoft sql mysql and mongodb understanding of version control git and project management with azure devops knowledge of machine learning techniques clustering decision tree learning artificial neural networks etc. experience visualizing data for stakeholders using visualization tools such as power bi experience working with and creating data architectures understanding and adherence to agile principles and practices ability to work on problems of any scope where the analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors selfmaintainability and reliability with minimal supervision excellent interpersonal communication decision making presentation and organizational skills ability to build productive internalexternal working relationships harmonious with cyrusone culture core values and business goals minimum qualifications  years of related experience in a data analyst role strong cando attitude in a time sensitive environment other important information about this position this position requires typical weekday monday  friday attendance in an office setting at times after hours work may be required to meet business and customer needs every position requires certain physical capabilities. cyrusone seeks to make reasonable accommodations that enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential duties when possible cyrusone is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color sex sexual orientation gender identity religion national origin disability veteran status or other legally protected status.  cyrusone provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the americans with disabilities act ada and any other state or local laws. we will respond to requests for reasonable accommodations to assist you in applying for positions at cyrusone or to submit a resume. if you need to request an accommodation please contact our human resources at .. option  or by email at hrcyrusone.com.
job description  please only local candidates apply  thank you  clearone advantage is a fastgrowing company that is aggressively hiring due to increased business. we are always improving our marketing culture and technology to provide our employees with the best work atmosphere and our customers with excellent customer service. coas proprietary software is tailored to our industry and allows the client to receive the best service possible.  we are looking for a data scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. we will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. in this role you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis math and statistics. critical thinking and problemsolving skills are essential for interpreting data. we want to see a passion for machinelearning and research. your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions.  if you are looking to work in a team environment a place where you are more a name than a number where you interact with leadership daily then please send your resume for review  perks great location right on the water in the canton crossing tower casual work environment and wfh flexibility room for advancement what youll be doing identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns build predictive models and machinelearning algorithms combine models through ensemble modeling present information using data visualization techniques propose solutions and strategies to business challenges collaborate with engineering and product development teams
advanced analytics  lead data scientist overview   we are looking for a data scientist to join our data science team to work on interesting projects to help our clients make data driven solutions. as a data scientist youll work closely with the clients to understand their business needs frame them as statistical problems and solve them with cutting edge techniques. collaborate with your team including machine learning engineers data engineers analysts and tpms to define tasks provide estimates and work together to deliver a world class solution. the ideal candidate will have the balance of technical skills and business acumen to help the client better understand their core needs while understanding technical limitations.  about you experience partnering  communicating with executive management team to understand business needs and pain points ability to communicate data science concepts to business stakeholders passion for the application of machine learning to real world problems adept at developing and iterating solutions rapidly ability to lead development of data science solutions what we offer our consultants  experience working with both large enterprise clients and midsized clients progressive responsibilities that encourage ownership and design opportunity to learn and gain experience in complimentary skills such as meeting facilitation data management project management data modeling and data management company culture that celebrates foster the culture of we act with integrity and drive towards excellence while having fun at work training and certification opportunities to support your career now and after logic various opportunities to give back to the community through company sponsored events required qualifications experience building machine learning models using python experience deploying machine learning models in a production environment strong knowledge of probability statistics experience with tensorflow or pytorch experience writing sql to query databases structure and modify data demonstrated ability to frame business problems as statistical problems and solve them ability to work both independently and as part of a team experience working in ambiguous and dynamic environments that move quickly an undergraduate degree in mathematics computer science or engineering is preferred preferred qualifications passion and experience driving adoption of machine learning in industry experience deploying machine learning on large scales through spark or other big data technology experience building systems in aws experience in computer vision with deep neural networks experience with leading workshops with executives to drive requirements gathering masters or phd in data science or related field  about logic. . .   logic is one of seattles fastest growing fullservice consulting firms. our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. although we make it look like magic we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire.  the past four years weve been in the top  best companies to work for .. why our team members are highly selfmotivated comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. our environment is very highenergy and demanding and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a cando attitude are joining our team. we have lots of fun focus on our employees and our clients and work to bring our best to every opportunity.
isnt your usual company. our work is powered by the premise that every person at is unique possessing a distinct set of skills personality and passions. we embrace our collective talents to tackle technical challenges refine our successfully disruptive business ideas and cocreate one of the most human and inspiring work cultures out there. we are a team of collaborators valuing and rewarding shared success over individual heroics. as a member of our data science team you will use your quantitative expertise to identify new areas of research and optimization and then see those ideas through to production. data science is a fundamental contributor to intents success  your work will have a direct and tangible impact on the business. there are no typical projects but a workflow might involve performing research and analysis against petabytes of historical data using our collection of largescale analytics tools like spark snowflake and redshift building prototypes using mostly scala or another functional language pairing with engineers on the modeling and prediction team to harden and deploy the functionality and running live tests to monitor the results. all of these steps take place in an environment of respect and collaboration and the data science team is empowered to own its agile processes. every member of the team is expected to be both a student and teacher and we believe that the most effective data science team is one that is collectively learning and growing. experience in coaching and mentoring colleagues at all levels is strongly desired. as part of the data science team youd help build out a realtime predictive analytics platform that makes decisions for some of the largest sites on the web. about you significant industry experience in several of the following areas personalized experiences big data analytics implementing machine learning  statistical methods designing and running ab tests product design and life cycle writing production code designing online auctions. experience in user experience customization a plus experience coaching and mentoring team members experience writing production software in languages like scala clojure java python or c in an agile collaborative environment experience with handling large amounts of data tb in a production setting experience with spark is a significant plus experience in adtech a plus about us is the data science company for the worlds leading online commerce and travel brands. our predictive intelligence platform uses patented technology to predict user behavior in realtime and identify the future value of every user. over  innovative brands from more than  countries trust intents realtime predictions to deliver personalized user experiences that maximize utility and roi. our team is over  people and our offices span globally. were headquartered in nyc with locations in london kuala lumpur and sao paulo. every day were inspired by two pursuits. first were building novel products that are upending ecommerce. second were building the company weve always wanted to work for  one thats open human and collaborative where very smart people come together to share ideas and get things done. were included on built in nycs best places to work list and have been on crains  best places to work in nyc list for seven years running. love your job our employees enjoy coming to work and we let them know theyre valued. our vibrant team accomplishes a lot every day but we insist upon worklife balance so things never become stale. we dont take ourselves too seriously but we take our work very seriously. we believe that in order for our employees to perform their best they need access to strategic decisions and so our flat structure and open communication invite innovation from all levels  ideas flow freely. we offer competitive compensation stock options and great perks  benefits including unlimited vacation a generous parental leave policy a beautiful dogfriendly office in soho with drinks and snacks an open environment with lots of natural light and roof deck access annual  learning budget and citi bike membership access to fond our employee perks program featuring deals and discounts on hundreds of products and services access to sherpaa a telehealth service with  inoffice yoga classes companywide social events and more so what are you waiting for apply with your resume in just a few clicks about us our products our dogs twitter instagram
at wish our data science  engineering team is comprised of data scientists data analysts  data engineers who focus on centralizing corporate data in order to gain insights knowledge and scalability that empower a proactive and rigorous analysis of key business indicators. our mission is to derive wisdom from data via the application of data science.  wish has exciting opportunities for talented data scientists to form the foundation of our centralized data science team. successful candidates will have extensive backgrounds in a quantitative fields and s track record of using data to drive the understanding growth and the success of a product. as a member of this team you will be empowered and motivated to drive business impact through data.  liwishjwall as a data scientist at wish you will apply statistics techniques to improve wishs experimentation platform and process. apply economics methodologies to understand and improve wishs twosided marketplace. apply optimization techniques to improve wishs logistics and overall user experiences. apply machine learning techniques to improve wishs product and operation. required skills  experience advanced degree in a quantitative field. a minimum of  years of data science experience in technology or research industry. proficient in python or r preferred skills demonstrated track record of successful projects in applying quantitative techniques to improve a product or business.  years work experience in technology or research industry. domain expert in one of the fields statistics machine learning optimization and economics. why wish  wish is transforming the way the world shops by offering a convenient and personalized mobile shopping experience. our mission is to offer an unlimited selection of affordable quality goods to be accessible for everyone on a global scale. we bring together worldclass technical talent with a passion for connecting relevant products to relevant people.  learn more about us intro to wish our ceo discusses wish crunchbase recruiting video  wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. we do not discriminate based on any legallyprotected class or characteristic. employment decisions are made based on qualifications merit and business needs. if you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability please let your recruiter know. for job positions in san francisco ca and other locations where required we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.   individuals applying for positions at wish including california residents can see our privacy policy here.
secure our nation ignite your future  summary  the successful candidate will possess a diverse range of datafocused skills and experience both technical and analytical. they will have a strong desire and capability for problem solving data analysis and troubleshooting analytical thinking and experimentation.  duties tasks  responsibilities working with large complex and disparate data sets designing and implementing innovative ways to analyze and exploit the sponsors data holdings researching and reporting on a wide variety of sponsor inquiries raising proactive inquiries to the sponsor based on observations and proposed data analysisexploitation solving difficult nonroutine problems by applying advanced analytical methodologies and improving analytic methodologies developing custom searches communicating and coordinating with internal and external partners as needed required experience skills  technologies thorough knowledge of appropriate analytic tools and methodologies in one or more of the following applied mathematics e.g. probability and statistics formal modeling computational social sciences computer programming e.g. programming languages mathstatistics packages computer science machine learning scientific computing ability to code or script in one or more general programming language experience with and theoretical understanding of algorithms for classification regression clustering and anomaly detection knowledge of relational databases including sql and largescale distributed systems e.g. hadoop expertise with statistical data analysis e.g. linear models multivariate analysis stochastic models sampling methods demonstrated effectiveness in collecting information and accurately representingvisualizing it to nontechnical third parties tssci with polygraph desired experience skills  technologies previous investigative experience using a combination of technical and analytic skills liss  mantech international corporation as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. we do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race color sex religion age sexual orientation gender identity and expression national origin marital status physical or mental disability status as a disabled veteran recently separated veteran active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran armed forces services medal or any other characteristic protected by law.  if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with mantech through its online applicant system please contact mantechs corporate eeo department at  . mantech is an affirmative actionequal opportunity employer  minorities females disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. mantechs utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunityaffirmative action policies. mantech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. we pay no fees for unsolicited services.  if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access httpwww.mantech.comcareerspagescareers.aspx as a result of your disability. to request an accommodation please click careersmantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
job description   takeda is looking for a data scientist to join our data engineering and artificial intelligence team. we are looking for a data scientist who can use their machine learning deep learning data wrangling and presentation skills to help deliver insights for our most difficult questions. you will work with the rest of the team to enable takeda to continue its journey of data maturity delivering outputs while educating others. you will be helping to solve some of the biggest question at takeda and for healthcare in general.  are you looking for a patientfocused innovationdriven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine join us as a data scientist in our cambridge ma location.  position objectives apply machine learning deep learning and other advanced techniques while performing data analysis engagements. this is against structured and unstructured data sets at small and large scale. independently perform complex analysis using modern data science techniques against structured or unstructured data to generate insights. provide mentorship to other data engineers data scientists and data specialists across rd and vaccines at takeda as we elevate our data iq across the organization. deliver critical analysis against takedas toughest data problems to give us critical insight to the organizations largest questions. position accountabilities perform machine learning deep learning and other advanced data techniques at a level of quality that can be defended to peers across organizations. introduce novel and stateoftheart computational techniques to other teams and scientists to improve capabilities for data analysis with the purpose of deriving better insights from available datasets. understanding and usage of different supervised and unsupervised learning techniques their biases how and when to apply them and which methods are the best for a particular analysis. ability to wrangle raw data sets into a format that can have advanced methods applied against the resulting data. work independently to solve difficult technology and data problems. demonstrate usage of advanced tooling and techniques to other technical organizations throughout the company. education behavioral competencies and skills  required masters degree or phd in computer science data science or equivalent  years experience or a phd and relevant project  coursework expertise with the application of machine learning and  or deep learning uptodate knowledge of data wrangling and analysis technologies experience with spark ability to manipulate voluminous data with different degree of structuring across disparate sources to build and communicate actionable insights for internal or external parties possesses strong personal skills to portray information ability to work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables experience with two of the following languages python r java or scala experience with deep learning frameworks tensorflow mx net working knowledge of sql and nosql datastores preferred experience in a scientific environment experience with reinforcement learning what takeda can offer you k with company match and annual retirement contribution plan tuition reimbursement company match of charitable contributions health  wellness programs including onsite flu shots and health screenings generous time off for vacation and the option to purchase additional vacation days community outreach programs empowering our people to shine  discover more at takedajobs.com  no phone calls or recruiters please.  lijv  locations   cambridge ma  worker type   employee  worker subtype   regular  time type   full time
machine learning engineer aurora coapply now are you interested in supporting the everchanging technology needs of the u.s. government by providing services that support defense initiatives come look at stratagem where we help the u.s. government solve some of the most challenging and interesting problems in the world.  stratagem is hiring motivated creative and technicallyminded individuals with a passion and skill for building stateoftheart technologies. what is most important to us at stratagem is candidates have exceptional problemsolving skills are creative outofthebox thinkers and are comfortable with quickly learning evaluating and deploying new technologies. successful employees are selfstarters excellent communicators and positive individuals with a passion for delivering the highest quality products.   ts  ssbi required  us citizenship required   this is a software engineer position in aurora co and we are not hiring your average java joes. we are looking for the macchiato with a double shot. you will be given substantial feature ownership and well expect you to contribute product ideas as well as code. your ideas will help shape the future of stratagem.  responsibilities  skills our ideal candidate is a programming expert with a passion for machine learning. we need someone with prior experience designing and implementing modern machinelearning and computervision concepts and algorithms and who stays up to date on all bestpractice standards. as a software engineer your responsibilities include investigating and solving exciting and difficult challenges in image recognition classification content analysis and deep learning integrating with a diverse team to deliver in an agilelike manner developing new algorithms contributing to building aspects of a webaccessible system prototyping ideasconcepts to prove a solution quickly your core skillsexperience include iat level ii or iii certification i.e. security or cissp or casp within  days of hire expertise in one of the following java python c etc. proficiency with containerization  docker preferred proficiency with cloud infrastructure  aws or cs preferred proficiency with postgresql  or similar gis database concepts experience with hadoop spark etc. experience developing and implementing image classification and content analysis experience with neural networks kmeans etc. experience working with deep learning frameworks such as caffe tensorflow and theano  years experience you are the proud owner of a tssci ssbi clearance bonus points if you have experience in any of the following devsecops experience indepth understanding of modern bestpractices such as kaggle competition winners comfortable with statistics and data science concepts mission management sigint experience about you you are an exceptional problem solver a quick learner and a creative outofthebox thinker who values team work. you are comfortable with the pace and everchanging requirements of a small development company while maintaining a healthy work life balance.  who is stratagem stratagem is a small and fastgrowing technology company built around the idea that we can make a lasting impact for our customers and employees. we believe in a culture of innovation fun empowerment and family. we want you to learn new skills so you can become more fulfilled in both your personal and professional life.  at stratagem our goal is to make our company the last company you work for
who are we  qinetiq inc. is an innovative cisr systems and technology leader. our company is built on a foundation of advanced technology systems engineering rapid prototyping and improved operational sensing. we work with the latest technological developments in government industry and academia leveraging that knowledge to rapidly advance the state of the art combining cutting edge sensor technology with innovative research in elds such as sensor science signal processing data fusion articial intelligence ai machine learning ml and augmented reality ar.  we are a worldclass team of professionals that build ground systems solider systems airborne sensing and processing technologies and integrated c solutions. our customers are always our number one priority and our mission is to empower and protect american warfighters and security forces  your contribution to our mission work with the government synthetic data lead in the generation of synthetic scenarios required for the training of aided target recognition and related algorithms. responsible for assisting with the design and development of training simulation environments with a focus on machine learning algorithm development for simulation training tasks. to land this job you need b.s. in physics electrical engineering computer engineering computer science software engineering or applicable engineering or science field  m.s. or higher degree preferred. experience with python matlab dirsig andor other d modeling and simulation software. knowledge of ir signatures atmospheric effects and imaging sensor effects on simulated imagery. experience with distributed computinghigh performance recruiting tools and software. clearance level must currently possess  dod secret  why qinetiq inc. your work will contribute to the protection of american warfighters and security forces. opportunity to work with cutting edge technology. extensive opportunities for continuous learning professional growth and advancement. we only hire the best no matter if you are entry or senior level you will have the opportunity learn from some of the best in the industry. we have fun we regularly have company events from luncheons and costume contests to golf tournaments. we care about you and your family. we offer competitive benefits and health insurance options. no one has time for long job applications  we completely understand. that is why we have made the application process easy. we promise. this will be simple.  accessibilityaccommodation  if because of a medical condition or disability you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process please send an email to staffingus.qinetiq.com or call   opt  and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  qinetiq inc. is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race age color religion creed sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability or protected veteran status.
we are seeking a highlyexperienced ml engineer to join our team building advanced business intelligence machine learning and data processing applications.  your impact  as a backend engineer you will develop advanced tools that allow our customers to build highlysophisticated business intelligence applications for their stakeholders. you will work as a member of an engineering feature team responsible for delivering value to our customers. in this role you will design implement and deliver enterprisegrade machine learning applications for both internal and externalfacing consumers. you will be part of a dynamic team of engineers who are developing cutting edge technology that fuels the premier bi platform in the industry. your work will be deployed to production and used by dozens of major corporations such as fedex us bank and mastercard to help drive their business goals and service their customers.  while mostly focusing in ml models productizing and data processing you will be expected to contribute to the model development. you believe that good design is the key to good coding  measure twice cut once. you write excellentquality code if you do say so yourself and understand how to best practices of sw architecture development and testing.  responsibilities collaborate with the product owner technical lead product designer and other stakeholders to design prototype and develop enterpriseclass data intensive applications. maintain existing code and make improvements to increase maintainability performance and scalability. support software rollouts to production. constantly improve code quality and test coverage. understand fullstack dependencies to minimize regressions and attain improved designs. guide and mentor junior engineers. serve as team lead if appropriate. qualifications bsms degree in computer science computer engineering or a related subject.  years of demonstrated experience in python. indepth knowledge of python data processing and machine learning libraries. experience with and understanding of the python ml frameworks such as tensorflow and pytorch experience with api design  development understanding of the data layer integration both sql and nosql experience with cloud deployments is a plus understanding aws  azure  gcp data etl capabilities is a plus experience with cc java andor scala plus. passion for writing well structured testable code with a focus on readability and maintainability. experience with open source ci tools is a plus. data modeling experience is a plus. excellent communication skills. information builders helps organizations transform data into business value. our software solutions for business intelligence and analytics integration and data integrity empower people to make smarter decisions strengthen customer relationships and drive growth. our dedication to customer success is unmatched in the industry. thats why thousands of leading organizations rely on information builders to be their trusted partner. founded in  information builders is headquartered in new york city with offices around the world and remains one of the largest independent privately held companies in the industry.  information builders inc. is an equal opportunity employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against based on their race gender disability veteran status or other protected classification.  lilo
who are we  qinetiq inc. is an innovative cisr systems and technology leader. our company is built on a foundation of advanced technology systems engineering rapid prototyping and improved operational sensing. we work with the latest technological developments in government industry and academia leveraging that knowledge to rapidly advance the state of the art combining cutting edge sensor technology with innovative research in elds such as sensor science signal processing data fusion articial intelligence ai machine learning ml and augmented reality ar.  we are a worldclass team of professionals that build ground systems solider systems airborne sensing and processing technologies and integrated c solutions. our customers are always our number one priority and our mission is to empower and protect american warfighters and security forces  your contribution to our mission work with the government synthetic data lead in the generation of synthetic scenarios required for the training of aided target recognition and related algorithms. responsible for assisting with the design and development of training simulation environments with a focus on machine learning algorithm development for simulation training tasks. to land this job you need b.s. in physics electrical engineering computer engineering computer science software engineering or applicable engineering or science field  m.s. or higher degree preferred. experience with python matlab dirsig andor other d modeling and simulation software. knowledge of ir signatures atmospheric effects and imaging sensor effects on simulated imagery. experience with distributed computinghigh performance recruiting tools and software. clearance level must currently possess  dod secret  why qinetiq inc. your work will contribute to the protection of american warfighters and security forces. opportunity to work with cutting edge technology. extensive opportunities for continuous learning professional growth and advancement. we only hire the best no matter if you are entry or senior level you will have the opportunity learn from some of the best in the industry. we have fun we regularly have company events from luncheons and costume contests to golf tournaments. we care about you and your family. we offer competitive benefits and health insurance options. no one has time for long job applications  we completely understand. that is why we have made the application process easy. we promise. this will be simple.  accessibilityaccommodation  if because of a medical condition or disability you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process please send an email to staffingus.qinetiq.com or call   opt  and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  qinetiq inc. is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race age color religion creed sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability or protected veteran status.
we are seeking a highlyexperienced ml engineer to join our team building advanced business intelligence machine learning and data processing applications.  your impact  as a backend engineer you will develop advanced tools that allow our customers to build highlysophisticated business intelligence applications for their stakeholders. you will work as a member of an engineering feature team responsible for delivering value to our customers. in this role you will design implement and deliver enterprisegrade machine learning applications for both internal and externalfacing consumers. you will be part of a dynamic team of engineers who are developing cutting edge technology that fuels the premier bi platform in the industry. your work will be deployed to production and used by dozens of major corporations such as fedex us bank and mastercard to help drive their business goals and service their customers.  while mostly focusing in ml models productizing and data processing you will be expected to contribute to the model development. you believe that good design is the key to good coding  measure twice cut once. you write excellentquality code if you do say so yourself and understand how to best practices of sw architecture development and testing.  responsibilities collaborate with the product owner technical lead product designer and other stakeholders to design prototype and develop enterpriseclass data intensive applications. maintain existing code and make improvements to increase maintainability performance and scalability. support software rollouts to production. constantly improve code quality and test coverage. understand fullstack dependencies to minimize regressions and attain improved designs. guide and mentor junior engineers. serve as team lead if appropriate. qualifications bsms degree in computer science computer engineering or a related subject.  years of demonstrated experience in python. indepth knowledge of python data processing and machine learning libraries. experience with and understanding of the python ml frameworks such as tensorflow and pytorch experience with api design  development understanding of the data layer integration both sql and nosql experience with cloud deployments is a plus understanding aws  azure  gcp data etl capabilities is a plus experience with cc java andor scala plus. passion for writing well structured testable code with a focus on readability and maintainability. experience with open source ci tools is a plus. data modeling experience is a plus. excellent communication skills. information builders helps organizations transform data into business value. our software solutions for business intelligence and analytics integration and data integrity empower people to make smarter decisions strengthen customer relationships and drive growth. our dedication to customer success is unmatched in the industry. thats why thousands of leading organizations rely on information builders to be their trusted partner. founded in  information builders is headquartered in new york city with offices around the world and remains one of the largest independent privately held companies in the industry.  information builders inc. is an equal opportunity employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against based on their race gender disability veteran status or other protected classification.  lilo
about swiss re  the swiss re group is one of the worlds leading providers of reinsurance insurance and other forms of insurancebased risk transfer working to make the world more resilient. it anticipates and manages risk  from natural catastrophes to climate change from ageing populations to cybercrime. the aim of the swiss re group is to enable society to thrive and progress creating new opportunities and solutions for its clients. headquartered in zurich switzerland where it was founded in  the swiss re group operates through a network of around  offices globally. it is organised into three business units each with a distinct strategy and set of objectives contributing to the groups overall mission.  about swiss re  the swiss re group is one of the worlds leading providers of reinsurance insurance and other forms of insurancebased risk transfer working to make the world more resilient. it anticipates and manages risk  from natural catastrophes to climate change from ageing populations to cybercrime. the aim of the swiss re group is to enable society to thrive and progress creating new opportunities and solutions for its clients. headquartered in zurich switzerland where it was founded in  the swiss re group operates through a network of around  offices globally. it is organized into three business units each with a distinct strategy and set of objectives contributing to the groups overall mission.  about the role  we are seeking a highly motivated experienced data scientist to join a global team of analytics professionals who support the digital transformation of swiss re and the insurance industry. you will be primarily based in armonk with the possibility to occasionally work from other swiss re offices e.g. new york city and collaborate with stakeholders around the globe.  your main responsibilities are work closely with internal stakeholders and clients to ideate develop and deploy innovative analytics solutions develop a deep understanding of the business problem to derive suitable analytics approaches and requirements build prototypes to validate desirability viability and feasibility of the proposed approach validate interpret and present findings and solutions to both expert and nonexpert audiences support full deployment of analytics solutions into operational environments continuously monitor relevant industry and technology trends to ensure further development of swiss res analytics capabilities promote and share digital  smart analytics knowledge skills and services internally and externally to drive the digital transformation of swiss re and the insurance industry about the team  the digital  smart analytics dsa team supports swiss res business functions and clients in developing state of the art technology solutions leveraging our advanced analytics and data engineering capabilities. dsa works with all business units to implement swiss res tech strategy by generating unique insights improving operational efficiency and developing new technology driven value propositions. our integrated global team of analytics consultants analytics specialists and data engineers enables us to facilitate endtoend solutions delivery from ideation and prototyping to deployment and run. as swiss res center of competence for smart analytics dsa further enables the proliferation of advanced data handling capabilities throughout the company.  about you  technical requirements advanced degree masters degree or phd with quantitative background data science applied mathematics or statistics computer science engineering econometrics or another related field  years of experience in analytics machine learning statistics natural language processing computer vision information retrieval in research andor corporate environment. experience in at least one scripting or programming language e.g. python r matlab perl java proficiency in relational databases and sql experience with large data sets and distributed computing is a plus. high level of analytical problemsolving skills and ability to assimilate complex information as well as experience in building and deploying innovative solutions excellent english language skills other languages e.g. german spanish chinese are a plus flexibility to travel soft skills team player with strong interpersonal skills and experience of working in crossfunctional teams ability to communicate complex problems with clarity and effectiveness to expert and nonexpert audience ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance trackrecord of creative problem solving as well as openness and curiosity to learn swiss re
job description   oversight is a leading provider of cloudbased artificial intelligence solutions automating and analyzing financial payment transactions to identify fraud noncompliant purchases and wasteful spending. oversight analyzes over  trillion in expenditures annually at fortune  companies and government agencies worldwide.  in this position as a data scientist you will be working with a team of skilled and motivated data scientists and machine learning engineers designing and building ai solutions to expand our product line.  responsibilities   our team is at the fore front of building operating and supporting business systems with machine learning at their core.  as a data scientist you will be incorporating machine learning into our products in order to transform how companies find and manage spend risk throughout their organization. you will collaborate with cross functional teams on complex data science problems and be responsible for solution design data preparation model building and model management.  ultimately were looking for people who are excited by machine learning data and technology love to solve problems constantly challenge themselves to provide the best user experience can work well alone have a wide range of skills and are able and willing to constantly learn.  skills   technical skillsrequirements  years real world experience in a data science or equivalent role extensive experience designing and maintaining a machine learning pipeline  etl feature engineering modeling predicting explaining deploying and ongoing diagnostics excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills experience communicating complex models and designing strong experience with data processing and data analytics experience analyzing a wide variety of structured and unstructured data strong communication and data presentation skills experience in both rd and commercial software product development environment is a plus technologies expertise in python scikitlearn and pandas experience with deep learning frameworks fastai  keras pytorch etc. preferred sql linux  interested and qualified candidates should submit a resume with salary requirements to recruiteroversightsystems.com.  about oversight  the worlds largest companies and government agencies trust oversight to identify enterprise spend risk no matter where it resides in their organization. oversights aipowered platform drives financial transformation by reducing audit effort and eliminating data silos to monitor and analyze  of spend transactions with unparalleled accuracy. with full visibility into spend oversight customers find and prioritize employeeinitiated and thirdparty spend risk that would otherwise go undetected by inhouse processes. by identifying process breakdowns and making corrections early oversight helps optimize budgets reduce outofpolicy spending by  while maximizing audit efficiency and eliminating cash leakage.  oversight is an equal opportunity employer.  job applicant privacy notice
useready is looking for  data scientist to join our team predictive models in r or python large scale distributed computing and analytics hadoop spark detailed knowledge of sql data cleaning and preparation machine learning and text mining analytics  statistical modelling nlp azure aws google cloud data bricks experience is a plus immediate interviews  about useready  please visit our website at www.useready.com  useready inc. was founded in  and our mission is to help organizations succeed by fast tracking their business performance. we relentlessly strive towards valuedriven innovation using advanced bi data management and infrastructure management services.  with offices in new york new jersey and bangalore our global delivery service is enriched with winning strategies technology expertise and customer fanaticism. we have a proven track record of success in various domains such as capital markets insurance healthcare pharma retail and media.  ranked  in inc.  red herring top  north america winner tableau gold partner for  consecutive years tableau services partner of the year  tableau services  training and alliance partner nominee of the year  alteryx collibra snowflake aws  microsoft partner key partners for informatica  tableau software partner award winners  tableau marketing innovation award
description  the core data science team at dicks sporting goods is seeking a data scientist to support product teams within the technology organization. the team builds endtoend machine learning solutions that drive business value in all parts of the organization. a few examples of projects that the team is currently working on are demand forecasting search algorithm optimization supply chain optimization and visual search. we are looking for diverse teammates with strong technical skills who also have a passion for learning and deploying the latest machine learning algorithms. an ideal candidate will have a knowledge base in forecasting andor optimization.  the role youll play    machine learning applications  analyses apply machine learning and data mining techniques to extract actionable insights from largescale highdimensional data. build endtoend algorithmic solutions that focus on improving the customers experience both instore and on our website. compile data from disparate data sources leveraging both qualitative and quantitative data to build holistic views of customers experience. communicate and present complex analyses and models to all levels of leadership across the organization. client liaison work with a variety of business units throughout the organization to help translate their requirements into specific analytical deliverables. continue to improve and advance communications and collaborations amongst the various analytics teams and business units. training lead or support formal andor informal training for team members on the various tools used for team members within the analytics team or client teams.  qualifications  education masters degree preferred in statistics computer science operations research engineering mathematics economics or other quantitative fields additional experience will be considered in lieu of an advanced degree. experiencetechnology one to three years of experience statistics  machine learning with applications in r or python. practical experience with sql or a sqllike language. creating visualizations and presentations for nontechnical users. bonus points publication in top conferences or journals experience applying machine learning techniques in a retail environment experience with kubernetes based systems such as kubeflow experience with any of the following timeseries forecasting andor optimization experience in a deep learning framework such as tensorflow or pytorch
